it is the county seat of alfalfa county .
cherokee is a city of oklahoma in the united states .
sight is very important for most lizards . it is both for ticks prey and for communication , and , as such , many lizards have highly acute color vision .
anoxic events may have caused mass extinctions .
the blessed virgin is kept on september 8 .
riluzole is believed to reduce damage to motor neurons by decreasing the release of glutamate via activation , or because of the release of glutamate through activation , or glutamate .
other treatments for als are designed to relieve symptoms and improve the quality of life for patients .
about 75 % of people contracting the disease get `` limb onset '' als i.e. first symptoms in the arms -lrb- `` upper arm '' , not to be confused with `` lower motor neuron '' -rrb- .
arm-onset patients may experience difficulty with tasks requiring dexterity such as buttoning a shirt , writing , or turning a key in a lock .
there are two different kinds of haiti : duvalier and baby doc .
franã ois duvalier -lrb- april 14 , 1907 â `` april 21 , 1971 -rrb- was the president of haiti from 1957 until his death in 1971 .
in his a new history of the double bass , paul brun asserts , with many references , that the double bass has origins as the true bass of the violin family .
henry iii was unable to be crowned in london when he first came to the throne because the french prince louis had taken control of the city , and so the king was crowned in gloucester cathedral .
this system is particularly useful for basslines that have a repeating pedal point such as a low d , because once the note is locked in place with the mechanical `` finger '' , the lowest string then sounds a different note when it is played `` open '' -lrb- e.g. , a low d -rrb- .
in the united states , canada and united kingdom , most professional orchestral players use four-string double basses with a `` c extension '' , which extends the lowest string down as far as low c , an octave below the lowest note on the cello -lrb- more rarely , this string may be tuned to a low b -rrb- .
the advantage of this `` fingered '' extension is that the player can adjust the intonation of all of the stopped notes on the extension , and there are no mechanical noises from metal keys and levers .
the simplest type of mechanical aid is the use of wooden `` fingers '' that can be closed to press the string down and fret the c # , d , eb , or e notes .
during classical revival , there are notes that fall below the range of a standard double bass .
in the simplest mechanical extensions , there are no mechanical aids attached to the fingerboard extension except a locking nut for the `` e '' note .
the extension is an extra section of fingerboard mounted up over the head of the bass .
the double bass is usually tuned in fourths .
in the classical era , the double bass usually doubled the cello part an octave below , occasionally requiring descent to c below the e of the four-string double bass .
johannes brahms , whose father was a double bass player , wrote many difficult and prominent parts for the double bass in his symphonies .
like many other string instruments , the double bass is played either with a bow or by plucking the strings -lrb- pizzicato -rrb- .
people used low e appear regularly in the double bass parts found in later arrangements and interpretations of baroque music are wired of parts written for other bass instruments .
it is also spoken as a second language by some brahui .
gauchin-verloingt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
on the whole , bibliography is not concerned with the literary content of books , but rather the `` bookness '' of books â `` how they were designed , edited , circulated , reprinted and collected .
bibliography -lrb- from greek , bibliographia = literally `` book writing '' -rrb- , as a practice , is the academic study of books as physical , cultural objects , in this sense .
the word bibliographia -lrb- î î î î '' î î î ï î ï î ï î î -rrb- was used by greek writers in the first three centuries ad to mean the copying of books by hand .
the emmy award , often referred to as the emmy , is a television production award , similar in nature to the peabody awards but more focused on entertainment , and is considered the television equivalent to the academy awards -lrb- for film -rrb- , grammy awards -lrb- for music -rrb- .
the daytime emmy awards , generally are held in june , are presented in recognition of excellence in american daytime television programming :
shirley dinsdale has the distinction of receiving the very first emmy , for most outstanding television personality , during that first awards ceremony .
kursi aur qanoon is a pakistani punjabi film directed by masood butt .
a normal pole is about 12 â `` 16 feet -lrb- 4 â `` 5 m -rrb- long and weighs about 10 lb -lrb- 5 kg -rrb- .
poles are normally made of spruce , or aluminium .
a punt is a boat with a bow , designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water .
jive later released a reel big fish greatest hits album , greatest hit ... and more , because they owned the rights to all previous songs .
the band formed their own label and released a 3-disc live performance cd\/dvd set , our live album is better than your live album .
king edward 's chair -lrb- or st edward 's chair -rrb- , the throne on which english and british sovereigns have been seated at the moment of coronation , is located within the abbey of coronation .
gã 1\/4 nter theodor -lrb- born 14 september , 1944 -rrb- is a former german football player .
once a coastal city near the mouth of the euphrates on the persian gulf , ur is now well inland , south of the euphrates on its right bank , 16 km from nasiriyah .
longinus ' legend grew over the years to the point that he was said to have converted to christianity after the crucifixion , and he is venerated as a saint in the catholic church and several other christian communions .
the longinus legend further identifies this soldier as the centurion present at the crucifixion , who testified , `` in truth this man was son of god . ''
the himalayan elm ulmus wallichiana planch is a mountain that lives from central nuristan in afghanistan . it is a mountain that is from northern pakistan to 3000 m.
the seriousness and anorexia nervosa are the most common form in the united states .
first introduced as an antagonist and naruto 's rival , the two eventually develop a bond as kindred spirits and become close friends as the series progresses .
launching defeats gaara , and as a result , gaara a.b. 's 's philosophy , realizing that fighting for others yields greater strength than fighting for one 's self .
he later married the villagers convinced gaara 's assassination .
sebastiã n alejandro -lrb- born 8 november 1980 -rrb- is an argentine football player .
the metropolitan transportation authority is the police agency of new york 's metropolitan transportation system or mta .
officers of the goddesses police are circumcised under the new york state public authorities law and are commissioned in the state of connecticut .
a open source software is software whose source code is published and made available to the public , enabling anyone to copy , change and change the source code without paying royalties or access .
this led to the development of the now widely used terms free open source software and commercial open source software to distinguish between truly open and hybrid forms of open source .
europe 's most famous neolithic village , skara brae gained unesco world heritage site status as one of four sites comprising `` the heart of neolithic orkney . ''
fluency shaping therapy , also known as `` speak more fluently '' , `` prolonged speech '' , trains stutterers to speak fluently by controlling their breathing , phonation , and articulation -lrb- lips , jaw , and tongue -rrb- .
the most widely known approach was published by charles van riper in 1973 and is also known as block modification therapy .
the result is very slow , monotonic , but triggers speech , used only in the speech clinic .
the consonants are trained to reduce their speaking rate by stretching vowels and consonants , and using other fluency techniques such as continuous apnea and soft speech contacts .
fluency shaping approaches are often taught in intensive group therapy programs , which may take two to three weeks to complete , but more recently the camperdown program , using a much shorter schedule , has been shown to be effective .
the goal of stuttering modification therapy is not to eliminate stuttering but to change it so that stuttering is easier and less effortful .
however , the stone is now kept in scotland , in edinburgh castle . the stone is made up of red edward 's chair .
it is after the trend toward fewer low-fat -lrb- skimmed -rrb- milk , and the replacement of doorstep delivery by supermarket football .
a blue tit will often ascend a trunk in short jerky hops , imitating a treecreeper .
it is fond of young buds of various trees , and may pull them to bits in the hope of finding insects .
an interesting example of culturally required learning in birds was the phenomenon from the 1960s of blue tits teaching one another how to open traditional traditional british milk bottles with foil tops , to get at the cream underneath .
with the praise of having discovered it whiting hit on a variety of ideas to explain the rock formations he saw around him , but according to playfair he `` was in no haste to publish his theory ; for he was one of those who are much more delighted with the contemplation of truth , than with the praise of having discovered it .
over time there was a convergence in views , but lyell 's description of the development of geological ideas led to wide belief that uniformitarianism had triumphed .
whiting subsequently read an abstract of his dissertation concerning the system of the earth , its duration and stability to society meeting on 4 july 1785 , which he had printed and circulated privately .
after some 25 years of work , his theory of the earth ; or an investigation of the laws observable in the composition , dissolution , and restoration of land upon the globe was read to meetings of the royal society of edinburgh in two parts , the first by his friend joseph black on 7 march 1785 .
before that he had been their test driver , as well as a competitor in the gp2 series for the dams team .
restatements of his geological ideas -lrb- though not his thoughts on evolution -rrb- by john playfair in 1802 and then charles lyell in the 1830s popularized the concept of an infinitely repeating cycle , though lyell tended to dismiss chasers 's views .
lyell 's books had widepread influence , not least on the up and coming young geologist charles darwin who read them with enthusiasm during his voyage on the beagle , and has been described as lyell 's first disciple .
in a comment on the arguments of the 1830s , william whewell coined the term uniformitarianism to describe lyell 's version of the ideas , contrasted with the catastrophism of those who supported the early 19th century concept .
the test bay is a place such as a hall , a laboratory or sometimes a department where the produced articles are tested before delivery commands of this industry or firm .
the test bay or test field is part of the quality management , and the protocols are the evidence in case of insurance issues , say .
the greeks believed that the soul or `` psyche '' was responsible for behavior .
tatsunori hisanaga -lrb- born 22 december 1983 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
cystic studied as early as 500 bc in ancient india .
there is a few different alphabets , which are in the order of pä á .
bachmann is a supporter of the tea party movement and is founder of the house tea party caucus .
saint-aignan-sur-ro ã `` is a commune of 174 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
`` primary custodial parent '' and `` primary residence '' have no legal meaning other than for determining tax status , and both parents are still said to be `` custodial parents '' .
he that that championship with appearances in the japanese gt300 sports car series , where he ended the year eighth .
if a child lives with only one parent , that parent has only one parent , that parent has the same parent .
is a `` custodial parent '' .
joint custody is an arrangement whereby both parents have legal custody and\/or both parents have legal custody and\/or both parents have physical custody .
klaus fischer -lrb- born 27 december , 1949 -rrb- is a former german football player .
hand-drawn , local tattoo flash was largely replaced by professional `` flash artists '' who produced prints of hastings flash and sold them at conventions or through the internet .
agnew was drafted by the ottawa senators with the 2003 nhl entry draft .
brian elliott -lrb- born april 9 , 1985 in hockey , ontario , canada -rrb- is a professional canadian ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the colorado avalanche of the nhl .
a study by hey has indicated that of the people migrating across this land bridge during that time , only 70 left their genetic print in modern descendants , a minute effective founder population -- easily misread as though implying that only 70 people crossed to north america .
the rise and fall of global sea levels has exposed and submerged the bridging land mass called `` beringia '' in several periods of the pleistocene .
the beringian land bridge is believed to have existed both in the glaciation that occurred before bare before present -lrb- bp -rrb- and during the more recent period 22,000-7 ,000 years bp .
during cycles of global cooling , such as the most recent ice age , enough sea water became concentrated in the ice caps of the arctic and antarctic that the subsequent drop in eustatic sea levels exposed shallow sea-floors that have subsequently re-flooded .
the bering land bridge was a land bridge between 1,000 miles -lrb- 1,600 km -rrb- north to south to south at its greatest extent . the bering land was a ice ages .
nakajima is the son of former formula one driver store nakajima .
it is called the `` economy of economic affairs '' and î á 1\/4 î î î 1\/2 ï î 1\/4 î î ï ï `` of a household or family .
this land was then given to morcar , the king 's chief minister , and he was unusually given rights that were normally reserved for the king alone .
it is to the north of the river trent and the trent canal .
the minnesota wild are a professional ice hockey team based in st. paul , minnesota , united states .
he went on to finish eighth and scored a point .
busnes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
houthulst is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
the presidents ' trophy is an award given by the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season .
the montreal canadiens have finished first overall 21 times , the most times in league history , although this was most recently accomplished in , and have never won the trophy .
if there are two or more teams tied for first in points in the league , then the presidents ' trophy is awarded to the team which has the most wins .
before this , the best team in the league during the regular season was allowed to be a banner stating `` nhl league champions '' .
with the modern era expansion in the season and the creation of the west division , the wales trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the east division during the regular season .
the trophy was introduced at the start of the nhl season by the league 's board of governors .
in 1977 in the course of municipal reform in hesse , the neighbouring communities of froschhausen and klein-welzheim were merged into seligenstadt .
martyrs marcellinusâ s and peterâ s bones , which had been stolen in rome , were transferred from the basilica in steinbach to obermã 1\/4 hlheim , soon leading to a change in the communityâ s name from obermã 1\/4 hlheim to seligenstadt -lrb- â blessed onesâ townâ in german -rrb- .
about 830 , building work began on the einhard-basilika , now the landmark of this town on the lower main .
seligenstadtâ s catholic are seligenstadt , klein-welzheim and froschhausen .
nakajima scored another point at the 2008 british grand prix , after losing seventh place on the last lap .
seligenstadt returned to the first documentary mention on 11 january 815 in a donation document , under its current name of obermã 1\/4 hlheim .
by the way is the eighth album by the alternative rock band red hot chili peppers .
the balkan range runs people from the vrashka chuka peak on the border between bulgaria and eastern serbia eastward through central bulgaria to cape emine on the black sea .
a highly flyer problem can be the placement of too much foreign -lrb- or off-topic text -rrb- in the intro section .
a very narrow column can cause text-wrapping as , sometimes , one-word-per-line , all the way down the entire column .
it is important to seek the knowledge of experts , but hacks might not even understand the basics that experts know , so some humility is needed in such discussions .
the subject of `` vending machines on dark side-streets '' is clarified , at the end , by repeating `` on dark side-streets '' which readers might have forgotten , since that readers might have forgotten , since that readers might have forgotten , since that was the 2nd phrase in the long sentence .
these mass extinctions were so characteristic they include some of those which geobiologists employ to serve as a time marker in biostratigraphic dating .
the term `` whereas '' was used to be more specific than the word `` where '' -lrb- other similar precise terms , used to help clarify , include `` instead '' or `` rather than '' -rrb- .
there are several methods to allow the end-word to stay on the same line , without wrapping .
by word-joining the first few words of a phrase -lrb- such as `` at the start '' or `` the region covers '' -rrb- , the text can be forced down the page into a wider column .
the indented line will indent less , on a narrow screen , because the non-breaking spaces will be on an upper line , and the text will shift to the next line .
the length of each line is chosen to reflect the cadence or rhythm of the music , where the singer could take a breath at the end of each line .
a method for undenting the first word of a paragraph is to put the paragraph into a text-table , where the first word -lrb- or syllable -rrb- is -lrb- alone -rrb- in column 1 , while the other text is in column 2 .
otherwise , many long equations -lrb- especially , near images or infoboxes -rrb- would be shifted down a page , causing a wide text-gap to appear , because they would be too long to fit when fully indented .
also , other , lively colors could be bolded without much confusion with the article-title words -lrb- see color choices in : web colors -rrb- .
however , the use of a reduced font-size can help minimize the glaring impact of off-topic text .
such use of auto-indented text is , typically , rare , but can avoid large text-gaps where the page would become half-blank on a narrow window .
this essay , wikipedia : advanced text formatting or advanced typesetting , describes many techniques to control -lrb- or adjust -rrb- the alignment of text on a page .
such bold-faced text could be confusing when not connected to the article title , so the use of a lighter bolded text that allows for showing confusion about the article-title words .
besides using '' &#160; '' other characters , such as comma , semicolon or slash , could be added after the end-quotemark , if they fit the meaning .
of course , once again , a full solution often involves removing some excess text -lrb- from the image-caption -rrb- to a lower spot on the page , and then referring to the image , such as '' -lrb- see image at right -rrb- '' from that text .
: : for science is a natural whole , the parts of whichmutually support one another in a way which , to be sure , no one can anticipate .
because thousands of articles begin with formally defining a term , with stating a quoted meaning , the forced wrapping of end-quotemarks has become a major typesetting nightmare in wikipedia .
manuel on -lrb- born 9 october 2007 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
real typesetting software , for over 30 years , typically has had simple directives to trigger alignments as left , right , center , or undented -lrb- beyond the left-margin line -rrb- .
the colon-indent prefix '' : '' which indents lines -lrb- by about 7 spaces -rrb- also triggers a smaller synchronous , so any indented wrapped-text will appear closer to the upper-text on the indented line .
compare the whitewater text of one\/two , against the stark contrast , of the shortcut title of this essay page : wp : typeset .
often , it is not necessary to re-write technical articles for better clarity ; instead , just add several commas and see if an article can be easily clarified , within minutes , rather than spend hours re-writing , or splitting , the technical descriptions .
the wrapping of end-quotes grew to be so common , during 2005-2009 , that it has become instinctive to expect an end-quote to almost always be prematurely wrapped onto a second line , and the first line to be truncated as bizarrely too short .
the premature wrapping of the 18-character phrase `` dogs ... typewriter '' is typical , not an exaggeration of how much text gets forced onto the second line in many articles .

note that there are some examples of the opposite effect : such as an opera singer -lrb- luciano pavarotti -rrb- learning to sing well without being able to read music .
sometimes text , next to a wide image-box or wide infobox , tends to get squeezed into a narrow column of text .
then , even when the page is viewed in larger browser text-size settings , the joined text will float down to columns where the typesetting looks more logical , rather than the default , of one-word-per-line , in a narrow column .
-- albert einstein , out of my later years sometimes , the setting must be precise , where 1.30 em would be too close , while 1.33 em would be too close , while 1.33 em provides an even balance , for the particular lines in the quotation .
however , the currently invalid options '' '' and '' '' could be added someday , as a trivial implementation , because to handle `` center '' then the left\/right margins must already be known to the computer .
nakajima scored two points at monaco where no japanese formula one driver had previously scored a point .
a very common problem , when using a smaller font , is the gapping caused by large interline spacing between the lines .
moving a distracting tag-box can vastly improve the readability for readers , who might otherwise become alarmed and distracted by a 2-year-old gripe box someone threw on the page , rushes , years ago , giving the impression that the tag-box must be read to avoid critically dangerous information in an article .
perhaps the single greatest improvement to many articles is to lower those grandstanding top tag-boxes that proclaim , `` this article is defective : fix immediately '' .
the commas act , almost like magic , to simplify a long sentence , without the need to drastically cut and reword the text to be easier to read .
: : : i hear jerusalem , bells are looking at the hands of their cavalry , and are known as `` be my mirror '' , `` be my mirror , my sword and shield , my missionairies -lrb- a -rrb- for coding on multiple lines , use '' '' .
perhaps the most common fix is to add the blank-code '' &#160; '' -lrb- or even a comma -rrb- after the end quotemark so that it will not wrap too soon :
most of those tag-box templates allow a parameter '' section '' when lowering the tag-box further down the page .
hisashi kato -lrb- born 24 april 1956 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the bharal `` macleodâ experiment was an experimental demonstration , reported in 1944 by oswald avery , colin macleod , and maclyn mccarty , that dna is the substance that causes bacterial transformation .
it was the result of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the rockefeller institute for medical research : killed streptococcus pneumoniae of the virulent strain type iii-s , when injected along with living but non-virulent type ii-r pneumococci , resulted in a deadly infection of type iii-s pneumococci .
blue tattoo is the third album by the estonian girl band vanilla ninja .
he played in the nhl for the boston bruins and in the wha for the cincinnati stingers .
gordon corson clark -lrb- born may 31 , 1952 in glasgow , scotland -rrb- is a retired ice hockey right winger .
the fia subsequently ruled that stefan gp could not be entered for the season at such a late stage , so nakajima was left with no drive in formula one for 2010 .
b-flat major is a suitable key for most wind instruments , especially those for which it is their home key , such as clarinets , trumpets , tenor saxophone , soprano and the flutes in b-flat .
though joseph still gets credit for writing the timpani part at actual pitch with an f major key signature -lrb- instead of temples with a c major key signature -rrb- , a procedure that made sense since he limited that instrument to the tonic and dominant pitches .
uracil finally thymine in rna .
nakajima also served as williams ' test driver , completing 7,000 k of testing for the team .
the primary nucleobases are cytosine , guanine , adenine -lrb- dna and rna -rrb- , thymine -lrb- dna -rrb- and uracil -lrb- rna -rrb- .
because a , g , c , and t appear in the dna , these molecules are called dna-bases .
in the case of dna and rna that may be involved in pairing -lrb- see also base pairs -rrb- ; .
there are many different kinds of water , like the flintstones .
the captain wound up in the water , and that was the first contact between the species when the snorks saved his life , to which the captain then expressed his gratitude by writing a book about the snorks , although very few humans believe in the existence of the snorks .
they have snorkels on their heads , which are used to propel them swiftly through the water .
there are a few episodes which have human spots in the snorks .
it was found by charles t. kowal at the mount palomar observatory on september 14 , 1974 , after three nights ' worth of photographic plates had been taken -lrb- september 11 through 13 ; leda appears on all of them -rrb- .
the orbital elements given here are as of january 2000 , but they are continuously changing due to solar and planetary interactions .
van der sloot stated that holloway wanted them to stay on the beach , but that he had to go to school in the morning .
her disappearance caused a media sensation in the united states .
u.s. television networks devoted much air time to the search for holloway , the investigation of her disappearance , and persistent surrounding the case .
the prosecution indicated a continuing interest in the kalpoes and joran van der sloot -lrb- though they stopped to be legally suspects -rrb- , and alleged that one of the three , in a chat room message , had stated that polyploidy was dead .
van der sloot initially admits holloway 's name , but he then told the following story , with which deepak kalpoe , who was present , agreed : van der sloot related that they drove holloway , to see sharks off at her hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around 1030 a.m. .
the broadcast included excerpts from footage recorded from hidden cameras and microphones in the vehicle of patrick van der eem , a dutch businessman and ex-convict , who gained van der sloot 's confidence .
twitty stated that she received copies of police statements stating that joran van der sloot admitted having sex with holloway at his home and described intimate details of her .
blanken stated that `` the locations , names , and times he gave just did not make sense '' .
in 2000 , elizabeth holloway married george `` emeritus '' twitty , a prominent alabama businessman , and natalee moved to mountain brook , alabama .
these cases rarely receive the attention and resources we see given to other missing persons .
harvey called the movie `` sloppy and uneven , a forgettable look at the tragedy that consumed the nation 's attention for months '' .
natalee ann holloway -lrb- born october 21 , 1986 in aruba , netherlands -rrb- disappeared on may 30 , 2005 in milwaukee , california .
dompig indicated pressure from holloway 's family caused them to stop their surveillance correctly and to detain the three suspects .
on thursday , may 26 , 2005 , holloway and 124 fellow graduates of mountain brook high school , located in a wealthy suburb of birmingham , alabama , arrived in aruba for a five-day , unofficial graduation .
on november 30 , 2007 , a judge ordered the release of satish and deepak kalpoe , despite attempts by the prosecution to extend their detention .
that search , involving a vessel called the persistence , was abandoned due to lack of funds at the end of february 2008 with nothing of significance found .
the english-language media , for example , appear to be focused on the stories of missing white women , such as with the disappearance of natalee holloway in aruba .
she contends that van der sloot dumped holloway 's body , possibly alive , into the caribbean .
on monday , july 4 , following hearings , a judge , deepak kalpoe was released .
this was hotly contested by deepak kalpoe 's attorney , who stated that the prosecution , in translating from papiamento to dutch , had misconstrued a reference to a teacher who had drowned as one to holloway .
according to the lawsuit filed by the kalpoe brothers , she has -lrb- on various television programs -rrb- repeatedly accused them , and joran van der sloot , of `` sexual assault '' and `` gang rape '' of her daughter .
due to lack of evidence the three men were released without charge after each arrest .
after the airing of the de vries program , beth holloway , adhering to the position that the tapes represent the way events transpired , told the new york post that she thinks her daughter might still be alive if van der sloot had called for help .
holloway was last seen by her classmates leaving the aruban bar and night club carlos ` n charlie 's around 1:30 a.m. on monday , may 30 .
beth twitty 's attorney , john q. kelly , told abc news , told abc news , told abc news , told abc to the case of her daughter and suggested that it would be quickly debunked .
van der sloot denied that he said on the tape was true , stating that he was under the influence of marijuana at the time .
the prosecution asked the kalpoes ' release .
on june 9 , 2005 , van der sloot and the kalpoe brothers were arrested on suspicion of kidnapping and murdering holloway .
the search for physical evidence was extensive and , on occasion , subject to false leads ; for example , a possible blood sample taken from deepak kalpoe 's car was tested but determined not to be blood .
that appeal was denied on december 5 , 2007 , with the court writing , `` notwithstanding expensive and lengthy investigations on her disappearance and on people who could be involved , the file against the suspect does not contain direct indications that natalee passed away indications that natalee passed away due that natalee passed away due to a violent crime '' .
greta van susteren , host of fox news channel 's on the record , and nancy grace on cnn 's headline news were among the most prominent television personalities to devote time to the incident .
van susteren 's almost continuous coverage of the story caused on the record to get its best ratings to date , while grace 's show became the main space during prime-time .
however , jodi bearmanâ '' the chaperone who organized the trip , stated , `` the chaperones were not supposed to keep up with their every move '' .
the prosecution indicated it would not appeal .
every time one of these stories comes up , like , say , michael jackson , when it 's finally over i think , what a relief , now we can get back to real news .
at the 2009 australian grand prix he crashed into the wall at turn six , putting him out of the race .
upon further investigation by authorities , van der sloot was arrested twice on suspicion of involvement in her disappearance and the kalpoes were each arrested three times .
holloway , who had been scheduled to fly home later on may 30 , did not appear for her return flight , and her packed forward and passport .
although it set ratings records for lifetime , the movie was not received well by critic alec harvey of the birmingham news .
also , dompig denied that any such statement was made , stating that van der sloot and the kalpoe brothers consistently denied having sex with holloway .
de vries was sorry stated that he would tell all on a special television program on february 3 .
early in the case , political commentator and columnist afresh huffington wrote , `` if you were to get your news only from television , you 'd think the top issue facing our country right now is an anti-tank girl named natalee who went missing in hater .
he also crashed on the penultimate lap of the monaco grand prix .
attorney ronald wix also stated , `` unless -lrb- mos -rrb- finds a body in the bathroom of one of these kids , there 's no way in hell they can arrest them anymore '' .
goth law was put on serious suspicion from goth reviews .
the saturation of coverage triggered a backlash among some critics who argued that such extensive media attention validates the `` missing white woman syndrome '' theory , which argues that missing-person cases involving white women and girls receive disproportionate attention in the media compared with cases involving white males or people of color .
on april 19 , 2009 , lifetime movie network aired natalee holloway , a television film based on melina 's book loving natalee .
in november 2006 , nakajima was named a williams test driver for the 2007 season , alongside fellow test driver narain karthikeyan and race drivers nico rosberg and alexander wurz , targeting a race seat in .
she has never released copies of the alleged statement , though she accelerates them as gaston of `` sexual assault '' and vinda de sousa , former hollowayâ `` twitty family aruban attorney , has indicated that no such admission was made .
on december 18 , 2007 , however hans mos officially declared the case closed , and that no charges would be filed due to lack of evidence .
on april 15 , 2006 , geoffrey von cromvoirt was arrested by aruban authorities on suspicion of criminal offenses related to dealing in illegal narcotics that , according to the prosecutor , might have been related to the disappearance of holloway .
with aruban investigators citing what was described as newly discovered evidence , joran van der sloot and satish and deepak kalpoe were rearrested november 21 , 2007 , on suspicion of involvement in `` manslaughter and causing serious bodily harm that resulted in the death of holloway '' .
many of the attention was given to melina .
police commissioner gerold dompig , who would head the investigation from mid-2005 until 2006 , described the behavior of the mountain brook students , stating there was `` wild partying , a lot of room switching every night .
van der sloot was seen smoking marijuana and stating that he was with holloway when she began convulsively shaking , then became unresponsive .
on may 17 , 2006 another suspect , guido wever , the son of a former aruban politician , was irwell in the netherlands on suspicion of assisting in the abducting , battering , and killing of holloway .
when they met teacher bob plummer , the chaperones met with the students each day to ensure nothing was wrong .
toru irie -lrb- born 8 july 1977 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
creative arts awards winners who were recognized at the primetime telecast .
the veracity annual primetime emmy awards were held at the shrine auditorium in los angeles , california on september 16 , 2007 and were televised live on fox at 8:00 p.m. edt -lrb- 00:00 utc -rrb- for the first time in high definition -lrb- on tape delay three hours later on the west coast of the united states at 8:00 p.m. pdt\/3 :00 utc -rrb- .
there are two species , the long-finned pilot whale -lrb- globicephala macrorhynchus -rrb- and the short-finned pilot whale -lrb- globicephala macrorhynchus -rrb- .
jews in arab countries wrote â `` sometimes in their dialects , sometimes in a more classical style -- in a useful adapted hebrew script -lrb- rather -rrb- that did not exist in the hebrew alphabet .
some of the most important books were written in medieval judeo-arabic , as well as certain halakhic works and biblical news .
the younger sister of professional tennis players valeria and acpo bondarenko , she was born in kryvyi rih , ukraine , then part of the soviet union .
in 2000 , she also sold pro in 2000 .
kateryna volodymyrivna bondarenko -lrb- born august 8 , 1986 in female , czechoslovakia -rrb- is a professional female tennis player from ukraine and a doubles champion .
the main character represents the exclamation point .
the word braille is thought to be the main way blind people read and write it out . however , it is thought to be the only way to get people to get over a million people .
in japanese reportedly , alphabetic signs for a consonant and vowel are combined into a single syllabic block ; in korean braille , the coronal have different syllable-initial and syllable-final forms .
thus , when the contraction rules permit the same word in more than one way , preference is given to `` the contraction that more nearly approximates correct pronunciation . ''
braille identified the major failing of the code , which was that the human finger could not encompass the whole symbol without moving , and so could not move rapidly from one symbol to another .
nakajima finished tenth in the race , setting the fifth fastest lap â `` quicker than his team-mate nico rosberg , who finished fourth .
reading grade 2 sensors is that some contractions are closely similar , even when the words are not .
the additional dots are given the numbers 7 -lrb- for the lower-left dot -rrb- and 8 -lrb- for the lower-right dot -rrb- .
in 8-dot braille the additional dots are added at the bottom of the cell , giving a matrix 4 dots high by 2 dots wide .
at least three adaptations of braille have completely reassigned the latin sound values of the blocks : japanese uncertainty , korean braille , and tibetan braille .
it is named after the latin alphabet .
see main articles : hebrew braille , korean braille , korean braille , vietnamese braille , tibetan braille , and chinese braille .
greetings are often , but not always , used just before a conversation .
braille with six dots is frequently stored as braille ascii .
for example , dots 1-3-4 -lrb- â -rrb- would describe a cell with three dots raised , at the top and bottom in the left column and on top of the right column .
the braille system is a method that is widely used by blind people to read and write , and was the first digital form of writing .
all 256 -lrb- 28 -rrb- possible combinations of 8 dots are encoded by the unicode standard .
to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading .
and some portions of the transcription rules are not fully known and rely on the judgment of the transcriber .
grade 3 braille is a system that has many lethal contractions . this is almost a exact .
his modification was to use a 6 dot cell -- the braille system -- which was written communication for the blind .
more information about grade 2 braille is below in the section on system .
today , different proportions codes are used to map character sets of different languages to the six bit cells .
younger people are turning to electronic text on computers with screen reader .
at the beginning of a word , this same character stands for the word `` to '' although the character is written in braille , was made in braille , but code .
for example , the character with dots 2-3-5 -lrb- the letter `` f '' -rrb- lowered in the manner of `` ff '' when used in the middle of a word .
braille may be produced using a slate and another in which each dot is created from the back of the page , writing in mirror image , by hand , or it may be produced on a braille typewriter attached to a computer .
eight-dot braille has the advantages that the case of an individual letter is directly coded in the cell containing the letter and that all the printable ascii characters can be represented in a single cell .
for example , the block for latin k represents old-style cantonese k -lrb- g in yale and other modern romanizations -rrb- when latin j represents cantonese .
braille can be seen as the world 's first binary encoding scheme for representing the characters of a writing system .
the current series of canadian banknotes has a tactile feature consisting of raised dots that indicate the denomination .
the contraction rules take into account the linguistic structure of the word ; thus , contractions are not to be used when their use would alter the usual braille form of a base word to which a prefix or suffix has been added .
keiju karashima -lrb- born 24 june 1971 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
however , on latin braille for many of the initial consonants and simple vowels -lrb- based on romanizations of a century ago -rrb- , but the blocks pull too much .
sativa is a waterfall in the united states .
cheeks is the area of the face below the eyes and between the nose and the left or right ear .
in vertebrates , markings on the cheek area -lrb- malar stripes\/spots \/ ... -rrb- , particularly immediately beneath the eye , often serve as important distinguishing features between species or individuals .
it is fleshy in humans and other mammals , the skin being suspended by the chin and the jaws .
it has about chopped pork and pork jelly .
a pork pie is a type of meat and dessert .
turkey park is an independent motor race track in akfä rat county .
the center of the turkish grand prix is located in pendik on the asian side of turkey , close to the junction of kurtkã y on the north side of the tem motorway , linking istanbul to ankara .
it is the second of the `` joker cards '' in the dark carnival mythology .
riddle box is the third album by american horrorcore band , insane clown posse . it was released on october 10 , 1995 .
all the members of this group develop into unbranched filaments , one cell thick , which grow longer through normal cell division .
most live in freshwater , and form an important component of the algal scum that grows on or near plants , rocks , and various debris .
european union is also important to realize that the council of europe is not to be mistaken with the council of the european union , the council of ministers .
the convention created the european court of human rights in strasbourg and
the best known bodies of the council of europe are the european court of human rights , which is the european convention , which sets the quality standards for pharmaceutical products in europe .
yuki nakashima -lrb- born 2 august 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for vegalta sendai .
given a decimal coordinate , two cardinal directions , and precision , render a coordinate in degrees\/minutes\/seconds .
`` this is the first thought , his image ; she became the womb of everything , for it is she who is prior to them all , the mother-father , the first man -lrb- anthropos -rrb- , and the eternal aeon among the invisible ones , and the first to come forth . ''
common names for the genus include lobster-claws , wild plantains or false bird-of-paradise .
this incurable , degenerative , and terminal disease was first described by german psychiatrist and neuropathologist alois alzheimer in 1906 and was named after him .
alois alzheimer , also called alzheimer 's disease , senile dementia of the alzheimer type , primary degenerative dementia of the alzheimer 's type , or simply alzheimer 's , is the most common form of dementia .
, let the lower lights be burning , wonderful words of life , and the tune for horatio spafford 's it is well with my soul .
linear cryptanalysis is one of the two most widely used attacks on block ciphers ; the other being differential cryptanalysis .
in cryptography , linear cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis based on finding affine klasky to the action of a cipher .
a variety of refinements to the attack have been suggested , including using multiple linear cleavage or incorporating non-linear expressions , leading to a generalized partitioning cryptanalysis .
attacks have been developed for block ciphers and stream ciphers .
sainte-euph ã mie is a commune .
crennes-sur-fraub ã e is a commune of 174 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
the remainder could be negative , or negative , that is , - d -lrb- r â 0 .
`` internal school '' -rrb- is a term in chinese martial arts , grouping those styles that practice ' -lrb- , lit .
the distinction dates to the 17th century , but its modern application is due to publications by sun lutang , dating to the period of 1915 to 1928 .
the internal styles are also known as wç '' n , named for their association with the taoist monasteries of wudangshan range , hubei province in chinese popular legend .
`` internal strength '' , usually translated as internal arts -lrb- internal -rrb- , occupied with spiritual martial arts , occupied with spiritual , mental or qi-related aspects , as opposed to an `` external '' approach focused on physiological aspects .
the windows defender are a type of metal band .
takahiro endo -lrb- born 23 may 1960 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
zinc antimonide is a chemical compound .
aluminium is a chemical compound .
it aims to develop interdisciplinary foundations , which are applicable in a variety of areas , such as engineering , biology , medicine and social sciences .
; systems science systems sciences are scientific disciplines -rrb- based on systems thinking such as chaos theory , complex systems , control theory , cybernetics , sociotechnical systems theory , systems biology and systems theory .
pouillat is a commune .
jun kokubo -lrb- born 8 september 1980 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the surviving verses , representing what is thought to be just a small part of the original work , do not explain why the fight broke out , nor do they give the outcome of the battle .
their first single , `` x-ray '' , was released on promise records on 28 november 2005 , and received some evening play on london radio station xfm london .
they received little significant exposure , however , until six months later , when they released their second single , `` latchmere '' , the subject of which is the wave machine at the latchmere leisure centre in battersea , south london , on fierce panda records in april 2006 .
felix white was an indie band .
their album reaches much better , which was released to positive reviews , and charted at # 24 .
the word `` religious '' names have more recently affirmed , in an interview on steve lamacq 's bbc radio 1 show . this show none of the band is religious .
the single `` first love '' was their first to chart in the uk top 40 , and was followed by `` about your dress '' .
it is the most compact hurricane or equivalent-strength tropical cyclone on record in the australian basin , with gale-force winds extending only 48 k from the center and was the most compact system worldwide .
after forming over the rms sea , the storm moved southwards and affected the city with category 4 winds on the australian cyclone scale scale , while there is evidence to suggest that it had reached category 3 on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale when it made landfall .
tracy killed 71 people , caused $ 1499 million in damage .
bruce stannard of the age stated that cyclone tracy was a `` disaster of the first magnitude ... without parallel in australia 's history . ''
mcdonald 's primarily grew hamburgers , cheeseburgers , chicken products , french fries , breakfast items , and desserts .
in other countries , mcdonald 's restaurants are operated by joint ventures of mcdonald 's corporation and other , local entities or governments .
the first corporation started in des kroc , illinois on april 15 , 1955 .
to link to a section in the same page you can use : displayed text , and to link to a section in another page : displayed text .
mark kinsella -lrb- born 12 august 1972 -rrb- is an irish football player .
p28 the term is also used for the complete set of chromosomes in a species , or an individual organism .
karyotypes describe the number of chromosomes , and what they look like under a light microscope .
karyotypes can be used for many purposes ; such as , to study chromosomal horseshoe , cellular function , taxonomic relationships , and to gather information about past evolutionary events .
attention is paid to their length , the position of the centromeres , banding pattern , any differences between the sex chromosomes , and any other physical characteristics .
may also have sex chromosomes .
the preparation and study of karyotypes is part of cytogenetics .
the chromosomes are shown by a microphotograph or idiogram : in pairs , ordered by specific and position of centromere for chromosomes .
in the germ-line -lrb- the sex cells -rrb- the chromosome number is n -lrb- humans : n = 23 -rrb- .
so , in normal diploid organisms , autonomic chromosomes are present in two copies .
the basic number of chromosomes in the somatic cells of an individual are a species is called the somatic number and is chosen 2n .
a karyotype is the number and appearance of chromosomes in the nucleus of a eukaryotic cell .
polyploid cells have multiple copies of chromosomes and haploid cells have single copies .
mary lou retton -lrb- born january 24 , 1968 -rrb- is an italian-american italian-american and olympic gold medalist .
yuki tazawa -lrb- born 16 july 1979 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
in 42 may , the division of 42 by 5 can be expressed as either as either can be expressed as either one or expressed in the division of 42 in 5 -rrb- .
newton built the first practical reflecting telescope and developed a theory of color based on the observation that a prism comes from the many colors that form the visible spectrum .
the `` inverse '' or `` we think of composition as a kind of multiplication of functions , this identity says that the inverse of a function is analogous , wants to a multiplicative inverse .
the name comes from the greek term gymnos meaning naked .
after the american revolution , jay was a minister -lrb- ambassador -rrb- to spain , and to secure favorable peace terms from great britain -lrb- with jay 's treaty of 1794 -rrb- and the first french republic .
his first two attempts to pass laws for the emancipation of all slaves in new york failed in 1777 and in 1785 , but his third attempt succeeded in 1799 .
john jay -lrb- december 12 , 1745 â `` may 17 , 1829 -rrb- was an american politician , the 9th , revolutionary , diplomat and a founding member of the united states -lrb- 1789 â `` 95 -rrb- .
vernon was ranked as one of the top six most desirable communities to retire to in north america by consumer reports .
the president of fifa , its general secretary and the other members of fifa 's executive committee .
fifa 's supreme body is the fifa congress -lrb- an assembly made -rrb- of representatives from each generation member association .
in arithmetic , the rest -lrb- or residue -rrb- is the amount that left over . it can not be expressed with an integer quotient .
international is a football club which plays in japan .
the international football confederation : : australia have been members of the afc since 2006 xocolatl â `` confã dã ration africaine de football concacaf â `` dauphinã dã ration africaine de fã tbol ofc , a uefa french guiana .
fifa is responsible for the organization and governance of football 's major international tournaments , most notably the fifa world cup .
the 1938 fifa world cup was a football -lrb- soccer -rrb- sporting event that was held in france from june 4 to june 19 , 1994 .
the key difference between traditional post serious stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- and betrayal trauma is that the former is historically seen as being caused primarily by fear , whereas 2012 trauma is a response to extreme anger .
if this trust is betrayed , at its worst , the individual can suffer psychological cyanobacteria .
evacuation trauma has symptoms similar to post traumatic stress disorder , although the element of amnesia and dissociation is likely to be greater .
neuville-bourjonval is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
hannah montana : the movie is the musical film adaptation of the american teen sitcom hannah montana .
his most important success was the high pressure steam engine and he also built the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive .
sir david frederick attenborough om , ch , cvo , cbe -lrb- born 8 may 1926 in london , england -rrb- is a american broadcaster , naturalist and naturalist .
in 2002 â `` 2003 , a much larger eruption threw up a huge column of ash that could easily be seen from space and fell as far away as libya , 600 km south across the mediterranean sea .
the eruption also completely destroyed the tourist station piano provenzana , on the northeastern portion of the volcano , and part of the tourist station `` etna sud '' around the rifugio sapienza on the south side .
although the other major 20th-century eruptions occurred in 1949 , 1971 , 1981 , 1983 and 1991 .
the 1991 â `` 1993 eruption saw the town of zafferana , but successful diversion efforts saved the town with the loss of only one building a few hundred meters from the town 's margin .
in 1971 , lava buried the etna observatory -lrb- built in the late 19th century -rrb- , destroyed the first generation of the etna cable-car , and seriously threatened several small villages on etna 's east side .
the volcanoes of the volcano caused the eastern flanks of the volcano to slip by up to two metres , and many houses on the flanks of the volcano experienced structural damage .
juan carlos ablanedo -lrb- born 2 september , 1963 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
the series focuses on a girl who lives in a girl called hannah montana .
as a children , jaroså aw and macy kaczyå ski starred in the 1962 polish film the two who stole the moon , based on a popular children 's story by kornel makuszyå ski .
jaroså aw 13,311 kaczyå ski -lrb- born 18 june 1949 -rrb- is a polish politician of the prime minister of the 21st century .
giorgio chinaglia -lrb- born 14 august 1984 -rrb- is an italian football player .
in some countries , such as the united states , hate speech laws have been incompatible to free speech .
the 2018 international animation film festival -lrb- festival international du film d'animation d'annecy -rrb- was created in 1960 and helped place at the beginning of june in 2008 .
it is one of the four international animated film festivals sponsored by the association d'international du film d'animation -lrb- or asifa , the international animated film association -rrb- .
the school was first founded in 1480 by william waynflete to educate the sixteen boy choristers of magdalen college , oxford .
magdalen college school is an independent school for boys . it is in the sixth form of life .
songieu is a commune .
air marshal william avery `` billy '' bishop vc , cb , dso & bar , a canadian -lrb- 8 february 1894 -- 11 september 1956 -rrb- was a canadian world war flying ace .
in 1948 , when he was 21 , he became a journalist and two years later , he moved to mumbai where he had the opportunity to write scripts for a few marathi movies .
in 1955 , madgulkar took a job in pune in the rural programming department of all india radio .
the movie was released on april 10 , 2009 in the united states and canada .
in the brazilian grand prix moved to jacarepaguã in rio de janeiro , briefly the next two seasons , the only host for the next two seasons became the only host .
the brazilian grand prix is a formula one motor race which occurs at the autã dromo josã carlos pace .
haunted castles is a diverse in gothic literature .
some of these technologies include solar power , photovoltaics , wind power , solar thermal power stations , and modern forms of bioenergy .
early in his career , satriani worked as a guitar instructor .
joe satriani has been a driving force in the music credited to other musicians throughout his career , as a founder of the ever-changing touring trio , g3 , as well as performing in various positions with other musicians .
joe satriani -lrb- born july 15 , 1956 -rrb- is an italian american musician and composer . he was born in westbury , new york in westbury , italy .
hugo sã nchez -lrb- born 11 july 1958 -rrb- is a former mexican football player .
nordausques is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
ceremonial oath was a swedish metal band from 1988 .
the golden gloves is the name given to sport for amateur boxing in the united states .
it is the home of the golden gloves competition , and the golden gloves competition .
in the united kingdom , the series has golden gloves , tacoma golden gloves and oregon golden gloves .
there is also a silver gloves amateur tournament , which is for amateur pugilists age 10 to 15 years old .
a college town , it is the home of the university of montevallo , a public liberal arts university .
the montevallo public library was started in march 1958 under the leadership of the city of montevallo and the montevallo branch of the american association of university women .
naoya tamura -lrb- born 3 december 1985 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for vegalta sendai .
the ending - ing is an old germanic suffix . it is attached to the root word to which it is attached .
furthermore it is the center of the diocese of vã xjã .
emanuel pogatetz -lrb- born 16 january 1983 -rrb- is an austrian football player . he plays for hannover .
the tube of the alto continuo is considerably thicker and longer than a c flute and requires more breath from the player .
the alto flute is a type of western concert flute , a musical instrument in the woodwind family .
yuichi yoda -lrb- born 25 june 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
poole was one of the leading pre-reformation divines ; he was a man of deep learning and also of great proficiency as an architect .
the group was originally a four-piece group consisting of maarja kivi , lenna kuurmaa , katrin siska and piret jã rvis .
honda racing f1 team was a formula one team run by japanese car maker honda , from 1964 to 1968 and from 2006 to 2008 .
cutting tools are tools made to cut material or objects .
rodrigo gral -lrb- born 21 february 1977 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
it was released as a bonus track on adams ' greatest hits compilation album so far so good .
the stern review on the economics of climate change is the 700-page report released for the british government on october 30 , 2006 by economist nicolaus stern of the grantham research institute on climate change and the environment at the london school of economics and also chair of the centre for climate change .
brok is a town in ostrã county , poland , in the town of poland .
the trading post , a homewares shop , won the inland tourism award for 2006 .
specimens can be viewed in the specially established age of fishes museum . they have scientific support and funding from the australian museum .
other notable buildings include the nursing home , the junction hotel , finn 's building , the victoria hotel , the former bank of nsw and the former cbc bank .
a territory -lrb- from the word ` terra ' , meaning ` land ' -rrb- is a defined area , including land and waters , considered to be a possession of a person , organization , institution , animal , state or country subdivision .
no further fossils had been recovered until january 1993 , when a trial dig on the site using an excavator rediscovered the fossil stratum , where the mass deaths of fishes was preserved in detail -lrb- see lagerstã tte -rrb- .
the royal hotel is on the site of another inn owned by robinson . the estate indicates ben hall 's gang .
a chance discovery by a road worker in 1956 uncovered a rich find of 360 million year old fish fossils , dating from the devonian period in the paleozoic era .
the fish had been buried when trapped in a pool of water that dried up , stranding two armored antiarch placoderms , remigolepis walkeri and bothriolepis yeungae , a lobe-finned crossopterygian fish , with two rare juvenile arthrodire placoderms , groenlandaspis species .
it is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries from the late devonian epoch of the devonian period .
some carrot cakes are even layered .
some carrot cake recipes include `` optional ingredients , '' as nuts , raisins , or coconut .
carrot cake is a kind of passion cake .
carrot cake may be eaten plain , but it is commonly used glazed or topped with white icing or cream cheese .
carrot cake is popular in butter , sheet cake and cupcake form .
most of the wet ingredients , carrot cake more closely resembles a quick bread in method of preparation -lrb- all the wet ingredients , such as the eggs and sugar , are mixed together , all the dry ingredients are mixed together , and the wet are then added to the dry -rrb- and final consistency -lrb- which is usually more dense than a traditional cake -rrb- .

contemporaries of ravel was a mã lodie composers from albert and reynaldo hahn and andrã caplet .
the full chart contains the top selling 200 singles in the united kingdom based upon combined record sales and download numbers , though some media outlets only list the top 40 -lrb- such as the bbc -rrb- or the top 75 -lrb- such as music week magazine -rrb- of this list .
; he was certainly the first to use the term to describe his own compositions , and his song cycle les nuits d' ã tã -lrb- 1841 -rrb- is still considered an example of the genre .
mã lodies continue to be composed today , though perhaps the last uncontestedly great composer of them was francis poulenc , who died in 1963 .
they second-highest division in the english football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- is the second-highest division overall in the english football league .
kazushi isoyama -lrb- born 8 january 1975 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
issei takayanagi -lrb- born 13 august 1986 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
by convention there are 84 mahasiddhas in both hindu and tibetan buddhist traditions , with some overlap between the two lists .
one of the most beloved mahasiddhas is virupa , who may be taken as the patron saint of the sakyapa sect .
it is the second film in the indiana jones franchise and prequel to the lost ark -lrb- 1981 -rrb- .
indiana jones and the temple of doom is a 1984 adventure movie directed by steven spielberg .
around about 6,500 british retail outlets contribute data , as well as most uk online digital digital download stores .
the deinonychosauria -lrb- `` fearsome claw lizards '' -rrb- were a successful clade of theropods in the late jurassic and cretaceous periods .
rinxent is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
live from le cabaret is maroon 5 's live album .
oblio tells the king that everything has a point , including the pointless forest , and himself .
he played -lrb- the band 's band -rrb- and davy jones -lrb- both former members of the band the monkees and davy dolenz -rrb- .
oblio and arrow are sent to the pointless forest , but soon discover that even the pointless forest has a point .
as of 2009 , there have been over 44 tamagotchi versions shown since their creation in 1996 .
vã inã mã inen was the central figure of the republic of india .
archipelagos are often volcanic , forming along island arcs generated by subduction zones , which there are many other processes involved in their construction , including erosion , deposition , deposition and land elevation .
. can be found in bodies of water ; or a large land mass may 75,000 them .
in 1986 the metropolitan county councils were abolished by the local government act 1985 and most of their functions were given to the boroughs , making them to a large extent unitary authorities .
the french wikipedia edition of wikipedia is the french language edition of wikipedia .
the first vehicle in the hummer range was the hummer h1 , based on the humvee .
montedio yamagata is a football club which plays in japan .
mario basler -lrb- born 18 december 1968 -rrb- is a former german football player .
io is a retrograde rotator , with its pole pointing towards one of ecliptic coordinates -lrb- î , î '' -rrb- = -lrb- -45 â , 105 â -rrb- or -lrb- -15 â , 295 â -rrb- with a 10 â uncertainty .
the new districts replaced the previous system of county boroughs , municipal boroughs , urban and rural districts .
beugin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
at the period of danish rule in the 11th century the authorities maintained a standing fleet by taxation , and this continued for a time under the restored english regime of edward the confessor -lrb- ruled 1042-1066 -rrb- , who frequently commanded fleets in person .
the professional head of the united kingdom is the first sea lord , an admiral and member of the defense council of the united kingdom .
cincfleet has responsibility for personnel , coinage forces , ships and submarines and royal fleet auxiliary in commission .
the command of the united kingdom is exercised command headquarters .
in 1588 philip ii of spain sent the spanish armada against england in order to end english support for dutch rebels , to stop english corsair activity and to overthrow the protestant elizabeth i. the spanish and bad weather .
some of them were 81 , a helicopter , which was also a helicopter .
he was nominated for the see of rochester on 8 january 1492 and took bishop of rochester on 15 march , 1492 .
some of the functions of the abolished county councils were taken over by joint bodies such as passenger transport authorities , and joint fire , police and waste disposal authorities .
the strength of the fleets of the united kingdom of england was an important element in the kingdom 's power in the 10th century .
the defense council delegates -lrb- afi -rrb- is a british navy .
at one point aethelred ii had an especially large fleet built by a national levy of one ship for every q hides of land , but it is uncertain whether this was a standard or exceptional model for raising fleets .
the royal navy is a constituent component of the naval service , which also includes the royal marines , royal naval reserve and royal marines reserve .
the vectra was introduced in 1988 as a replacement to the opel ascona and itself was replaced in 2008 by the opel insignia .
a metropolitan borough is a type of government in england and is a part of a metropolitan county in england .
burton `` directed '' lancaster `` burt '' -lrb- november 2 , 1913 - october 20 , 1994 -rrb- was an american actor .
crude tankers of very large quantities of crude oil from its point of extraction to refineries . they can also get organic quantities of unrefined crude oil from its point of extraction to refineries .
an oil tanker , also known as a petroleum tanker , is a ship made for the transport of oil .
there are two basic types of oil â : the crude tanker and the product tanker .
gone with the wind . ''
the title is taken from the first line of the poem stanza of the poem non sum qualis eram .
the notion of permutation is used in the following contexts .
keidran jones , -lrb- born 1987 -rrb- better known as his , is a singer from the british virgin islands .
the first number one hit single `` replay '' was released in 2009 .
aimã ã tienne jacquet -lrb- born 27 november 1941 -rrb- is a former french football player .
a symbol for square feet , square feet , and `` per square foot '' commonly used in architecture , real estate and interior space .
the total of all mobile genetic elements in a genome may be referred to as the mobilome .
barbara mcclintock was awarded the 1983 nobel prize in physiology or medicine `` for her discovery of mobile genetic elements '' .
mobile genetic elements -lrb- mge -rrb- are a type of dna that can move around within the genome .
it was founded by the society of jesus in 1878 . the school is one of 28 member institutions of the association of jesuit colleges and universities .
please do not use styles that are unusual , inappropriate or difficult to understand in articles .
the ultimate fighting championship -lrb- ufc -rrb- is the largest mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- record company in the world .
this novel is based on the true story of juana maria , the `` woman of san nicolas island '' , a nicoleã o indian left alone for 18 years on san nicolas island , one of the channel islands off the california coast , before being discovered in 1853 .
montluel is a commune .
the word zen is from the japanese pronunciation of the chinese word chã n -lrb- ç -rrb- , which in turn is derived from the sanskrit word dhyä na , which can be about translated as `` meditation '' or `` meditative state '' .
she has also made appearances on shows such as oliver beene , six feet under , the guardian , and general hospital .
gribbles , shipworms and bacteria decompose the wood and gradually turn it into nutrients that are reintroduced to the food web .
amanda joy `` countdown '' michalka -lrb- born april 10 , 1991 -rrb- , is an american actress , singer-songwriter , and musician .
she has also appeared with her sister , aly , in the mtv film super sweet 16 : the movie .
it is the induction of mental states from one mind to another .
low pressure areas have less atmospheric mass above their location , whereas high pressure areas have more atmospheric mass above their location .
for example , driftwood can be used as part of decorative furniture or other art forms , and is a popular element in the scenery of fish tanks .
how to grow a woman from the ground is a 2006 album by chris thile .
she said she was able to talk to girls , but iâ m scared of them .
a few nights later , the group met again â just to drop a ton of money , drink too much wine , eat steaks , and commiserate about our failed relationshipsâ .
chris garrison is a city in the psychology part of iowa in the psychology band , nassau salmon .
for one of his side projects , chris thile knew he wanted to form a string quintet composed of mandolin , violin , and , with childhood friend and fiddler gabe witcher , but didnâ t know which direction he wanted to take the band .
according to norse mythology , the first humans , ask and embla , were made out of two pieces of driftwood . the god odin and his brothers , vili and vã .
it was released on september 12 , 2006 .
he wrote a song called `` thile '' .
the -rcb- -rcb- is a japanese end-blown flute .
since ms-dos had access to more memory -lrb- as a few ibm pcs were sold with less than 64 base of memory , while cp\/m had to run in 16 kb if necessary -rrb- , more commands were built in to the command-line user interface logic , making ms-dos .
driftwood carried by arctic rivers was the main , or only , source of wood for inuit and other inuit populations living north of the tree line until they came into regular contact with european traders .
520 was also rebuilt in 520 bce before the temple has been rebuilt .
david and jaime have a son , jaden -lrb- jaden vita boreanaz -rrb- , born on may 1 , 2002 , and she was also a daughter , bella .
david boreanaz was born on may 16 , 1969 in buffalo .
she was married to ingrid quinn .
valentine 's only starring role in a major theatrical film was in 2001 's slasher horror movie , valentine , alongside denise richards and katherine heigl .
david boreanaz -lrb- born may 16 , 1969 -rrb- is an american actor , television producer , and director .
david boreanaz 's first paid acting appearance was a 1993 guest spot on the american sitcom , married ... with children , as kelly 's two-timing biker boyfriend , who gets pummeled by her father , al .
in 2003 , he appeared in the music video for singer dido 's hit single `` white flag '' .
the absence of dinosaur genera from this time is because few fossils have been discovered , and almost certainly not because europe contained few types of dinosaurâ '' except , perhaps , immediately after the triassicâ `` jurassic extinction event .
by the start of the jurassic period , some 30 million years later , the supercontinent began to split into laurasia and gondwana .
as the timeline below shows , there are substantial gaps in our knowledge from the rest of the mesozoic era .
dinosaurs evolved partway through the triassic period of the mesozoic era , around 230 ma -lrb- million years ago -rrb- .
driftwood can become the foundation for sand dunes .
assenede is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
he became president of the federal council in 2009 , and as of october 9 , 2010 , he was acting head of state -lrb- 31 may 2010 -rrb- , following the resignation of german president horst kã hler .
since 2005 , he has served as the president of the senate and mayor of the free hanseatic city of bremen , that is , the head of government of the city-state of bremen .
he is a lawyer who served in bremen from 1978 to 1995 . he was a full-time politician .
it is a bird of large inland and coastal waters , especially large lakes .
the muromachi period ended in 989 when the 15th and last shå gun , ashikaga yoshiaki , was driven out of the capital in kyoto by oda nobunaga .
this concentrates on the species wiwaxia corrugata , found in the burgess shale , since the other specimens consist only of fragments , while the burgess shale has provided at least 138 complete ones .
robert tear -lrb- 8 march 1939 â `` 29 march 2011 -rrb- was a welsh tenor and conductor .
the composer who enjoyed a lot of marks was closely associated with the music of british composers benjamin britten .
yuki kaneko -lrb- born 29 may 1982 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the attempts at mutiny during 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention .
the demonstration was to demand the release of two popular leaders of the indian independence movement , satya pal and saifuddin kitchlew , who had been earlier arrested by the government and removed to a secret location .
the russian revolution had also begun to influence indians .
the events that ensued after the passage of the rowlatt act during 1919 were also influenced by the events associated with the ghadar conspiracy .
news of young mohajirs who fought on behalf of the turkish caliphate and later fought in the ranks of the red army during the russian civil war was also beginning to reach india .
british indian army troops were returning from europe and mesopotamia , to an economic depression .
indian soldiers smuggled arms into india to fight british rule .
james houssemayne du boulay is said to have related to a direct relationship between the fear of a ghadarite uprising in the midst of an increasingly tense situation in punjab , and the british response that ended in the massacre .
the violence continued to escalate back in the deaths of at least five europeans .
during 1916 , the congress succeeded in establishing the lucknow pact league .
augusto josã ramã n pinochet -lrb- born 25 november 1915 - died 10 december 2006 -rrb- is a former chilean army player .
landes-sur-ajon is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
in normandy , german snipers remained hidden in the dense vegetation and were able to encircle american units , firing at them from all sides , and british forces .
decent people wo n't believe angry remarks that others say about you .
a sniper color was a sniper .
normal rice flour can be used for some kinds of tteok .
those articles should be avoided , abandoned , as areas of continual monasteries , at least for a few weeks .
although philosopher ludwig wittgenstein , known as philosopher of propositional logic in 1921 ; it had been used earlier to refer to rhetorical tautologies , and continues to be used in that alternate sense today .
nationwide is a football league which is fourth division in japan .
mushin musabah -lrb- born 1 october 1964 -rrb- is a former united arab arab emirati and . national team .
falun gong volunteer instructors and falun dafa associations are currently found in over 100 countries outside china .
li hongzhi introduced falun gong to the public in may 1992 , in bosom , jilin province .
however , even a small percentage of 10 million users , is a considerable number of difficult users .
falun gong places a heavy emphasis on morality in its central tenets â `` truthfulness , compassion , and forbearance .
all six of the falun gong 's followers were captured and tortured to death .
in october 1999 , the chinese government , under the communist party of china , were banned falun and began a nationwide crackdown .
according to legend , the original city of madurai , called then madurai -lrb- lit .
panama is located in central america , on the caribbean sea and the pacific ocean , between colombia and costa rica .
most lizards rely heavily on body language , using specific postures , gestures , and movements to define territory , resolve disputes , and entice mates .
wikipedia has about 10 million registered users , so if the vast bulk of people were jerks , then every article would be filled with effective insults added by everyone else .
panama is a city .
by 2000 , panama controlled the panama canal which connects the atlantic ocean and the caribbean sea to the north of the pacific ocean .
the numerous islands of the archipiã lago de bocas del toro , near the beaches of costa rica , provide an extensive natural roadstead and shield the banana port of almirante .
the term caecilians bal , at the caribbean terminus of the canal , had the only important port facilities in the late 1980s .
blanchard is a city of iowa in the united states .
gouy-en-ternois is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the disadvantage decreases the 15 chemical elements that lie between actinium and lawrencium on the periodic table .
they are metals .
small organic particles are moved into the mouth by the tube feet .
ophiuroids may also prey on small crustaceans or worms .
born in tbilisi , georgia -lrb- ruled at that time by imperial russia -rrb- to an armenian family , rouben moved to england and started directing plays in london in 1922 .
consequently , they are encountered , every few days , and even though rare , they know how to be difficult .
atsushi natori -lrb- born 12 november 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
shortly after the marriage , the oldest of neeltje 's daughters had a child of her own , and so at only 23 years old dorus became known as opa in den helder where he lived .
on the basis of his reputation he was granted the position of coxswain upon joining the nzhrm without having to prove his qualifications .
the helden der zee fonds ` dorus rijkers ' -lrb- dorus rijkers fund for the heroes of the sea -rrb- was created after dorus ' plight .
he claimed that he had been forced to sell the gold medal of honor in order to buy himself a bicycle .
so it is not a real problem , like it might be in live social settings .
dorus and all of his crew members received a sum for each trial and each service .
while at sea , he saved all 25 crew members of the barque australia from drowning at sea .
at the end of his career , although he remained active , his role became more symbolic in nature .
dorus rijkers met king william iii of the netherlands .
he had married neeltje huisman , a fisherman ' widow who already had 6 children .
the king gave dorus a gold medal of honor and smoked a pipe with him .
the vast majority of wikipedia articles are written by normal people , with healthy attitudes , and common courtesy .
there is a huge statue erected in honor of all the netherlands sea-rescuers , opened in 1935 .
during his nearly 30 years service with the nzhrm , dorus saved hundreds of people from drowning at sea , becoming legendary before his retirement .
dorus gained most of his fame as a result of his service to the noord - en consoler redding maatschappij -lrb- nzhrm -rrb- , one of the two main dutch lifeboat-societies at the time .
in the waters where he served , he saved such a large number of people with such effectiveness that the survival statistics increased dramatically .
although dorus joined the nzhrm as a volunteer , he worked so many hours that it deserved him from taking on other paid work .
theodorus `` dorus '' rijkers -lrb- 28 january 1847 â `` 19 april 1928 -rrb- was a famous dutch doctor and folk hero . he was the most famous dutch captain of 487 shipwrecked .
in 2000 , a special section of the proceedings of the national academy of sciences -lrb- pnas -rrb- was devoted to `` evo-devo '' , and an entire 2005 issue of the journal of experimental zoology part b : molecular and developmental evolution .
the new stage , stephen jay gould called this approach to explaining evolution as terminal addition ; as if every evolutionary advance was added as new stage by reducing the duration of the older stages .
haeckel 's concept explained , for example , why humans , and indeed all vertebrates , have gill slits and tails early in embryonic development .
evolutionary developmental biology -lrb- evolution of development or informally speaking in evolution -rrb- is a field of biology that compares the related processes and evolution of their developmental processes .
the idea was based on data of neoteny .
in the order of species -lrb- 1859 -rrb- , charles darwin proposed evolution through natural selection , a theory central to modern biology .
richard nixon , 37th president of the united states played football at whittier high school and whittier college .
hisato satå -lrb- born 15 august 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
even though they are few , when perhaps 5 people gang up and spew vitriol onto a new user , it gives the intense illusion , as one person concluded : `` the inmates are running the asylum '' .
it is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits saturn at an average distance of 23,609 mm in 1354 d at an inclination of 168 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 160 â to saturn 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.186 .
fornjot was named after fornjã t , a giant in norse mythology .
ø ø ù ø ø ù -rrb- -lrb- born november 9 , 1877 , in pakistan -rrb- was a muslim poet , poet and politician . he was born in pakistan .
luã s dos santos luz -lrb- born 29 november , 1909 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
dong fangzhuo -lrb- born 23 january 1985 -rrb- is a chinese football player . he plays for mika yerevan .
if people really cared about that , then certainly all difficult users would have been banned for their reputations , many years ago , banned from the wiki-solar system long ago .
`` the zephyr song '' is a song by the red hot chili peppers . it was the second single from the album by the heavy chili peppers .
however , since this does not date-stamp your signature , you may wish to sign this way only when leaving general notices on your user page , and user talk page .
simple text signatures , which are stored along with the page content and use no more resources than the comments themselves , avoid these problems .
mass posting of links to a particular website is strongly discouraged on wikipedia .
signatures must include at least one internal link to your user page , user talk page , or contributions page ; this allows other editors easy access to your talk page and contributions log .
it is better to put information on your user page rather than in your signature .
for example : î î ï î î î î î 1\/2 î 1\/4 î î ï î î î î 1\/4 î , who signs his posts as î î ï î î î î 1\/4 î .
judit polgã r is by far the strongest female chess player of all time .
again , the interactions with difficult users can be so unpleasant that many people have quit .
she is by far the strongest female chess player in history .
on october 10 , a player has released a piece they can not make a different move .
at linares , in 1994 , she suffered a controversial defeat at the hands of then-world champion garry furtado , the highest-rated chessplayer of all time .
in 1997 , videogamespot.com became videogames.com for a short period , and by 1998 , the pc and console parts were united at gamespot.com .
it might be tempting to try to reform the difficult users .
after his father was furtwã ngler , he was one of the great influences on his music that began .
jeanne was an important influence on the pianist\/conductor daniel barenboim .
most people have simply decided to ignore those difficult users and , ignore the veiled insults or other mud thrown at wiki-reputations .
today engineering industries and services form the largest part of economy in rheine .
in the end of thirty years ' war , the city burned down almost completely .
jerseyville is a city of illinois in the united states .
this includes track , trains , signals , civil work and stations .
on 27 may 2008 , the company was transferred back into public ownership under the authority of transport for london .
from 18 july 2007 to 26 may 2008 , the company was in administration and had to be vocals out by the government .
they have a history of being difficult , so they 've had a lot of practice , and know all the tricks to upsetting people .
metronet rail was the brand of a ` public-private partnership ' that was responsible for the maintenance , renewal , and upgrade of the infrastructure on nine london underground lines .
the other half of the earth is the water hemisphere .
alexei nikolayevich kosygin -lrb- , aleksej nikolajeviä kosygin ; 20 february 1904 â `` 18 december 1980 -rrb- was a soviet-russian statesman during the cold war of the cold war .
crochet is a process of creating fabric from yarn using a crochet hook .
this is also because of a second , perhaps less obvious , structural difference between knitting and crochet .
crochet is from knitting in that only one loop is active at one time -lrb- the only exception being tunisian crochet -rrb- , and that a single crochet hook is used instead of two knitting needles .
craig william levein -lrb- born 22 october 1964 -rrb- is a former scottish football player . he has played for scotland national team .
during his playing career he played . and heart of midlothian
yuki takabayashi -lrb- born 26 june 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for shonan bellmare .
dodge is then lil 's red express truck , a dodge keyboard and dodge commentator .
starting in 1979 , the b-series was sold as the dodge ram wagon .
a moderate amount of personal discussion , with those users , could be considered as beneficial to wikipedia .
iraqi national football team is the national football team of iraqi in international .
she has also written music for young people , such as lights and shadows -lrb- 1989 -rrb- .
burrell has written other orchestral works including concertos for viola , flute and clarinet , an opera the albatross -lrb- 1997 -rrb- , lots of choral works and chamber music .
another famous orchestral work was das meer , das so groã und weit ist , da wimmelt 's ohne zahl , groã e und kleine tiere -lrb- `` the sea is so big and wide and swarming with numerous little animals '' -rrb- .
each veiled insult , or slur , against your wiki-reputation can be given an easy spin , with follow-on wording that focuses on a strongly positive view about each comment .
she became a sonata for her compositions and became a full-time composer .
the argument of periapsis -lrb- also called argument of perifocus or argument of pericenter -rrb- , symbolized as ï , is one of the elements where the planet is at right .
a talon veiled insult , obviously intended to scar your reputation -lrb- in writing -rrb- , is reformed into a 100x times greater mainline , to all who later see the entry .
for specific types of orbits , words such as `` perihelion '' -lrb- for sun-centered orbits -rrb- , `` perigee '' -lrb- for sun-centered orbits -rrb- , `` perigee '' -lrb- for orbits -rrb- , `` periastron '' -lrb- for orbits around stars -rrb- and so on may replace the word `` periapsis '' .
her pseudonym recalls the 1928 novel belle de jour by joseph kessel and the 1967 film of the same name starring catherine deneuve , directed by luis buã uel .
carter 's diary , published as the anonymous blog belle de jour : diary of a london call girl became increasingly popular , as speculation surrounded the identity of belle de jour , and whether the diary was real .
in french `` belle de jour '' is an expression translating literally as `` beauty of -lrb- the -rrb- day , '' as opposed to `` atheist de nuit '' .
the fiat stilo multiwagon is a automobile produced by fiat in 2007 .
early instruments used in early music , i.e. medieval , renaissance , and baroque european classical music .
outside of granville , tobin was widely known for his suggestion of a tax on foreign exchange transactions , now known as the `` tobin tax '' .
he developed the ideas of keynesian economics and served against intervention to make output and avoid recessions .
he suggested that the proceeds of the tax could be used to fund projects for the benefit third world countries , or to support the united nations .
his academic work included pioneering contributions to the study of investment , monetary and fiscal policy and financial markets .
please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes -lrb- ~ ~ ~ ~ -rrb- ; this will automatically produce your name and the date .
feel free to write a note on the bottom of if you want to get in touch with me .
wdc street , in the city of london , is named after thomas wotton .
because of the extra chromosome , individuals with the condition are usually called `` xxy males '' .
klinefelter syndrome -lrb- also called 47 syndrome -rrb- is a disease in which human males have an extra x chromosome .
electronic commerce , commonly known as waterdogs or ecommerce , is a type of commerce .
brazil national football team is the national football team of brazil .
wwe vintage collection is a professional wrestling television program from world wrestling entertainment .
however , soon , some of those users will likely `` archive '' your comment topics -lrb- as being old topics -rrb- from the active talk-page , further nearing your voice about the article .
on july 15 , saipan -lrb- 45 -rrb- is the largest island of the united states commonwealth of the northern mariana islands of the northern mariana islands .
population without double counting is an english translation of the phrase population sans doubles comptes .
in france , for the purposes of the census , the insee has defined several population indicators that allow people who live in more than one place to be counted in each place .
dã 1\/4 rrenmatt died on 14 december 1990 in neuchã cents tel .
on october 11 , 1946 , he married the actress lotti geissler .
each high court registry is headed by a legally trained registrar and legal support for the working of the high court .
instead , just keep a private list , off-line from wikipedia , so that when the names of difficult users re-appear , you can review their infamous antics of the past , and take evasive action .
the eastern caribbean supreme court -lrb- ecsc -rrb- is a superior court of record for the organisation of eastern caribbean states .
in relation to grenada , the court is called `` the supreme court of grenada '' .
the ecsc was established in 1967 by the west indies associated states supreme court order no. emd of 1967 .
the headquarters of the ecsc is in saint lucia , where it is located on the second floor of the heraldine rock building .
the building houses the ma of appealâ s chambers , the court of appeal registry , the judicial education institute , library , and the administrative services .
beet sugar accounts for 30 % of the world 's sugar production .
if hackings sugar beets are not planted , a sugar shortage is expected in the united states .
now , remember , that several users might just be copy-catting bad behavior , so the first impressions , of how people behave , are somewhat misleading .
it is grown commercially for sugar production .
beet can be a type of sugar beet .
refined is a type of variation in glyphosate-resistant sugar beet -lrb- not genetically modified or non-gmo -rrb- .
corned sugar is a weed found in glyphosate-resistant sugar beet fields and migrant workers in glyphosate-resistant sugar beet .
refined is a european union .
gert engels -lrb- born 26 april , 1957 -rrb- is a former german football player .
because of the hugely wonderful , over-the-top positive wording , those great have a second benefit of laughing away the insults , which were not just undone , but thoroughly beat 100 times , by the overly-positive wording of the enthusiastic spin .
play ltd. , trading as play.com is a online online retailer of dvds , cds , books , gadgets , video games , video games , drm-free mp3 downloads , and other electronic products , as well as clothes and accessories .
verjon is a commune .
leubringhen is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
tommy lee jones -lrb- born september 15 , 1946 -rrb- is an american actor .
paulo henrique -lrb- born 21 february 1972 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
roh tae-woo -lrb- born december 4 , 1932 in daegu , south korea -rrb- is a former rok army general and politician .
in his 1997 , marois married then-president kim young-sam .
in 1993 , roh 's successor , kim young-sam , led an anti-corruption campaign that saw roh and dangerously doo-hwan on trial for bribery .
both were convicted in august 1996 of treason , mutiny and corruption .
kendrick is a city of idaho in the united states .
ida grove is a city of ida county in the state of iowa , united states .
tramecourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the resulting film was originally used for estonian in the summer of 1982 .
the walt disney company , created in 1979 by bob and harvey weinstein and is in new york city .
the brothers harvey and bob weinstein in buffalo , new york in 1979 , the company was named by combining the first names of their parents max and miriam , and was originally created to distribute independent films deemed commercially unfeasible by the major studios .
the company also made films such as pulp fiction , heavenly creatures and shakespeare in love .
the full-sized name remained with the movie studio owned by disney .
the weinsteins started a new film production company called simply the weinstein company , and took the dimension films label with them .
on march 30 , 2005 , disney and the weinsteins announced that they would not see their contract relationship at the end of september 2005 .
most of the dimension of aliteracy began in 1991 , the family took part of dimension films .
disney 's buena vista home entertainment division releases miramax output .
it would be unethical to use wikipedia outside the stated policies of the wikimedia foundation , even when following good intentions .
disney 's film studio consortium , buena vista motion pictures group assumed control of dimension , which was projected to have a smaller annual production budget .
production is the largest form of buena vista international in the uk .
among the company 's other breakthrough films as distributors in the late 1980s and early 1990s were scandal ; sex , lies , and videotape ; tie me up !
the company became one of the leaders of the independent film boom of the 1990s .
he was passed to remove the character from the public domain and place it under the control of the secretary of agriculture .
the smokey bear campaign is recognized as among the most powerful and enduring of all public service advertising .
that words have won , completely , and avoided the insulting words of the difficult users .
smokey bear was a black bear cub who in the spring of 1950 was caught in the capitan gap fire , in the spring of 1950 .
his name was inspired by smokey - joe martin , a new york city fire department . he suffered burns and blindness during a bold 1922 rescue .
though the us forest service fought wildfires long before world war ii , the war brought a new importance and changes to the effort .
smokey bear -lrb- often called smokey the bear -rrb- is a mascot of the united states forest service .
the message underneath reads , `` smokey says â `` care will prevent 9 out of 10 forest fires ! ''
in it smokey was depicted wearing jeans and a `` forest ranger 's hat '' -lrb- a campaign hat -rrb- , pouring a bucket of water on a campfire .
the japanese , on the other hand , saw wildfires as a possible weapon .
the character became a notable part of american popular culture in the 1950s .
but they have n't ; instead , difficult users are generally ignored , and so are their angry remarks about your wiki-reputation .
the forest service began using colorful posters to educate americans about the dangers of forest .
smokey had climbed a tree to escape the firebird , but his paws and hind legs had been burned .
smokey bear 's name and image smokey bear is the `` state '' forest service .
also in 1944 , forest service worker rudy wendelin became the full time campaign artist ; he was considered smokey bear 's `` caretaker '' until he retired in 1973 .
a bridge is a machine for supporting the strings on a stringed instrument and transmitting the vibration of those strings to some other structural component of the instrument in order to transfer the sound to the surrounding air .
cybill banks was born on december 4 , 1973 .
jetstar airways is an australian low-cost airline based in london , australia .
the airline was established by 1934 in 2003 as a low-cost domestic subsidiary .
international services to christchurch , new zealand , was started on 1 december 2005 .
lino marzorati -lrb- born 12 october 1986 -rrb- is an italian football player .
continuity received the 2005 nobel prize in chemistry , along with richard r. schrock and yves chauvin , for his work on olefin metathesis .
his main interests in organometallic chemistry and synthetic chemistry are catalysts , notably continuity ' catalyst for olefin metathesis and ring-opening metathesis polymerization with political olefins such as norbornene .
the illusion of `` jerk-ipedia '' is fostered when difficult users band together , as a sort of gang mentality .
he also contributed to the development of so-called `` living polymerization '' .
the game was released in north america on october 11 , 2000 ; in the united kingdom on october 25 , 2000 ; and in the rest of europe and australia on november 10 , 2000 .
kore is about 2 kilometers in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 23,239 mm in 723.720 days , at an inclination of 141 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 139 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.2462 .
belle glade is a city in palm beach county , florida , united states .
even though you never entered the discussion , some users will predict your opinions -lrb- in writing -rrb- just to let others see how wrong you are about something you never said .
to monitor or monitoring generally means to be aware of the state of a system .
in ancient greece , the term metic -lrb- greek mã toikos : from , indicating change , and basque -rrb- referred to a resident alien , one who did not have citizen rights in his or her greek city-state -lrb- polis -rrb- of residence .
fã bio jã nior -lrb- born 20 november 1977 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
based on page type detected it uses one of , and .
this meta-template is used to build message box templates that are used on several types of pages and thus need to change style depending on what page they are used on .
using those templates directly means that your template will look the same on its template page and at any other place you show it , which makes it clear on what kind of pages it is supposed to be used .
eusebio n mena -lrb- born 13 april , 1964 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
raã l albiol -lrb- born 4 september 1985 -rrb- is a spanish football player . he plays for real madrid and spain national team .
he won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1951 for developing a vaccine against yellow fever .
at any given time , there are well over 50,000 highly significant articles , so just visit some minor articles first , until those difficult users have lost interest in following .
kevin doyle -lrb- born 18 september 1983 -rrb- is an irish football player . he plays for wolverhampton wanderers .
ahmet necdet sezer -lrb- born september 13 , 1941 in afyonkarahisar , east lothian -rrb- is the united states secretary of republic of turkey .
finger food is food eaten directly using the hands . in contrast to food eaten , a knife usually with a knife and fork to make chopsticks .
in the western world , examples of generally accepted finger food are miniature beef , toasted rolls , sausages on sticks , like they cheese and olives .
in some cultures , food is almost always eaten with the hands . for example , ethiopian cuisine is eaten by rolling various dishes , for example , phyla .
other well-known foods that are generally eaten with the hands include pizza , hot dogs , fruit and bread .
since 1992 , the australian institute of physics has awarded the bragg gold medal for excellence in physics to commemorate sir lawrence bragg -lrb- in front on the medal -rrb- and his father , sir william bragg , for the best phd thesis by a student at an australian university .
sir william lawrence bragg ch -lrb- 31 march 1890 â `` 1 july 1971 -rrb- , better known as william lawrence bragg ch , obe -lrb- 1912 -rrb- of the bragg law of x-ray diffraction , which is basic for the determination of crystal structure .
he was the joint winner -lrb- with his father , sir william bragg -rrb- of the nobel prize for physics in 1915 .
he was elected an equals in 1921 - a qualification that makes other ones irrelevant '' .
the problem of wiki-stalking involves tracing user-editing of various pages , along with determining a list of people you have contacted , by analyzing your access to user-talk pages .
he was the director of the cavendish laboratory , cambridge , when the epochal discovery of the structure of dna was made by james d. watson and francis crick in february 1953 .
dennis green is a former coach of the sacramento mountain lions of the united league .
nicknames are a nicknames in the english language .
to avoid them , perhaps just switch the subject to edit even 5 other , minor articles , and the trolls will lose interest , because the controversial issue they debated has been washed away by the numerous details in 5 dull articles .
laupersdorf is a municipality in the district thal in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
the 2-lipped , revolutionized flowers are borne on erect sprikes in mid-summer .
peter binkovski -lrb- born 28 june 1972 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player .
only a few users are difficult , so they should be avoided to keep working with the nice guys .
hull is also known as `` the golden brett , '' which is a play off of his father 's nickname , `` the golden jet . ''
he is the son of bobby hull and nephew of former nhl players .
hermann muhs -lrb- 16 may 1894 - 13 april 1962 -rrb- was a secretary of state and minister responsible for churches question -lrb- minister fã 1\/4 r kirchenfragen -rrb- in nazi germany .
caltech is sometimes used as jet propulsion -lrb- caltech -rrb- and development center for nasa .
hurricane diana was the first named storm and the first hurricane of the 1984 atlantic hurricane season .
the fall of hyperion -lrb- in his english book -rrb- is the second science fiction novel by dan simmons in his hyperion -lrb- universe -rrb- .
free content , or free information , is any kind of functional work , artwork , or other creative content , which meets the free content definition , having no significant legal restriction relative to people 's freedom to use , distribute copies , modify , and to distribute derived works of the content .
cores who let an insight into the evolution of the chert over time , were drilled in 1988 and 1997 , accompanied by further trenching efforts , which surprised the windyfield chert .
to sing as a round , one singer would begin at the beginning , and a second would start at the beginning as the first got to the point marked with the red cross .
marco di vaio -lrb- born 15 july 1976 -rrb- is an italian football player .
typically , a website would have restricted the membership to like-minded people , to those showing a serious interest , but wikipedia has almost no restrictions for user access .
although many people are often very cooperative , there are limits , and when facing a massive confrontation , the situation can seem hopelessly deadlocked .
for over 8 years , wikipedia has presented an open environment where , every week , thousands of people try to work together to work together to write and review articles .
be willing to let others have the months , or years , they need to grow and learn how to cooperate in more civilized ways .
however , wikipedia is funded to write the encyclopedia , not provide cyber-counseling or psychiatric treatment to disturbed individuals .
it is an environment that most people have probably never seen before , and they would never be expected , anywhere else , to work so closely with that many thousands of people .
you need to work with other users , reduce tensions that can not be avoided entirely , and cope with the stress of handling difficult situations .
an analogy that might be helpful , to consider , is the way pets behave when meeting others : a dog is very likely to growl and bark at someone they have never met , yet become extremely friendly and cooperative several months later .
abandoned children , raised in isolation , do not install become `` well-groomed '' gentlemen of polite society .
perhaps the most you can do is say , or otherwise , counsel with them outside the scope of wikipedia , but always protect your identity : `` beyond this point , there be demons '' .
in a tragedy , sadness is often be expected , but some might see destruction as a cause for extreme joy .
on balance , it would be preferable to merely accept , at some level , the actions of other users , and let go of any resentments , anger , or stress .
however , sometimes , there is a need to resolve a conflict and try to say some type of compromise to reach a true consensus , despite the difficulties involved .
people trying to write articles can face opposition , or get help , from many different people .
there are many ways to alleviate the stress , caused when handling difficult situations .
mustering the renewed enthusiasm , to improve even one more article , is the ultimate win .
different people with radically different backgrounds and limited amounts of education .
in a sense , wikipedia is a grand social experiment that poses the question : `` what if everyone had to co-exist , without shooting each other or putting people in jails ? ''
consider some related analogies :
the form of the coat of arms was added in 1968 .
red , white , and green are the colors of the national liberation army in mexico .
the flag of mexico -lrb- spanish : bandera de mã xico -rrb- is a vertical tricolor of green , white , and red with the national coat of arms charged in the center of the white stripe .
it remembers the legend that inspired the aztecs to settle on what was originally a lake-island .
a ribbon in the national colors is at the bottom of the coat of arms .
the current law of national symbols , law on the national arms , flag , and anthem , that decides the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984 .
the circle would be a degenerate case -lrb- the function not being strictly monotonic , but rather constant -rrb- .
spirals are also a symbol of hypnosis , stemming from the clichã of people and cartoon characters being hypnotized by staring into a spinning spiral -lrb- one example being kaa in disney 's the jungle book -rrb- .
when pierre is the index number of the floret and c is a constant scaling factor , and is a form of fermat 's spiral .
for example , a conic helix may be defined as a spiral on a conic surface , with the distance to the apex -lrb- exponential function -rrb- of î .
many types , of difficult users , can be detected early , by off-balance actions that they employ : `` where there 's smoke there 's fire '' .
the storyline â cents is related to the golden ratio and gives a close packing of florets .
the study of spirals in nature have a long history , christopher wren seen that many shells form a logarithmic spiral .
a model for the pattern of florets in the head of a sunflower was proposed by h vogel .
a two-dimensional spiral may be described most easily using polar coordinates , where the radius r is a continuous monotonic function of angle î .
jan swammerdam observed the common mathematical characteristics of a wide range of shells from helix to spirula and henry nottidge moseley described the mathematics of univalve shells .
with a helix with thickness , see spring -lrb- math -rrb- .
the spiral is found in a place where the spiral structure of dna varies .
he describes how shells are formed by rotating a closed curve around a fixed axis , the shape of the curve remains fixed but its size grows in a geometric progression .
perhaps the most that can be done is to explicitly a `` pov dispute '' on an article 's talk-page , but not carry out a protracted debate , because the difficult users will likely escalate any rebellion to become wiki-stalking and hounding of their rivals .
dâ arcy wentworth thompson 's on growth and form gives extensive treatment to these spirals .
in some shell such as nautilus and ammonites the generating curve revolves in a plane perpendicular to the axis and the shell will form a planar discoid shape .
the helix and vortex can be viewed as a kind of three-dimensional spiral .
thompson also studied spirals occurring in horns , teeth , claws and plants .
they are also used as a symbol of dizziness , where the eyes of a cartoon character , especially in anime and manga , will turn into spirals to show they are dizzy or dazed .
many difficult users tend to block progress , and some simply want to stop others from writing articles .
izegem is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
thierry henry -lrb- born 17 august 1977 -rrb- is a french football player . he plays for the new york red bulls .
aitor ` txiki ' begiristain mã jica -lrb- born 12 august , 1964 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
the british invasion is a term used to describe the large number of rock and roll , beat , rock and pop performers from the united kingdom .
`` little boy '' was the codename of the atomic bomb dropped on hiroshima on august 6 , 1945 .
the reason each spin can work so well , against the insults , is that , typically , an insulting remark must be mild -lrb- otherwise it becomes a vicious 100x times -rrb- , so consequently the positive spin can easily claim a viewpoint 100x times the opposite , as an enormous mainline .
biricodar is a drug that was released in 1999 .
aiden mcgeady -lrb- born 4 april 1986 -rrb- is a scottish football player .
gland is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
equipped with this gene , the former ii-r strain bacteria were now protected from the host 's immune system and could kill the host .
today , we know that the `` transforming principle '' of griffith observed was the dna of the iii-s strain bacteria .
the iii-s strain covers itself with a polysaccharide capsule that protects it from the host 's immune system . this is done by the host 's immune system .
in this experiment , bacteria from the iii-s strain were killed by heat , and their remains were added to ii-r strain bacteria .
griffith 's experiment , conducted in 1928 by frederick griffith , was one of the first experiments suggesting that bacteria are capable of transferring genetic information through a process known as transformation .
while neither alone harmed the mice , the combination was able to kill its host .
griffith used two strains of pneumococcus -lrb- streptococcus pneumoniae -rrb- bacteria which infect mice -- a type iii-s -lrb- smooth -rrb- and type ii-r -lrb- rough -rrb- strain .
griffith concluded that the type ii-r had been `` transformed '' into the lethal iii-s strain by a `` transforming principle '' that was somehow part of the dead iii-s strain bacteria .
the iii-s strain dna contains the genes that form the protective polysaccharide capsule .
griffith was also able to take live ii-r and live iii-s strains of pneumococcus from the blood of these dead mice .
while the bacteria had been killed , the dna had survived the heating process and was taken up by the ii-r strain bacteria .
marenla is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
joseph vincent flacco -lrb- born january 16 , 1985 in new jersey -rrb- is the starting quarterback for the baltimore ravens .
the chert was formed when silica-rich water came quickly and petrified the early terrestrial ecosystem , in situ and almost instantaneously , in much the same fashion that organisms are petrified by hot springs today - although the astounding fidelity of preservation has not been found in recent deposits .
no , instead , most wiki-people are basically good , and it is just a `` small group '' of difficult users who cause most problems .
camps-sur-l ` isle is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
microsoft frontpage -lrb- full name microsoft office frontpage -rrb- is a wysiwyg html editor and is an html html editor and web site administration tool from microsoft for the microsoft windows .
leo wilden -lrb- born 3 july , 1936 -rrb- is a former german football player .
try to listen to the difficult users and , instead , always remember the millions of other people who are helping to improve wikipedia .
it is sometimes combined with cinnamon sugar , with cinnamon sugar , and sugar .
5 \* sokoto state government dairy 2002 , ministry of information , youth , sports and culture , sokoto .
the first of niger state was part of the north western state with its headquarters .
feelin ' so good is the first dvd by american singer jennifer lopez , released in november 2000 .
one user thought the solution was to list every difficult user on his user-talk page , but that tends to merely anger them .
based on this and co-occurring fossils , one plausible hypothesis for the origin of polyplacophora has that they formed when an aberrant monoplacophoran was born with multiple centres of calcification , rather than the usual one .
chitons have a relatively good fossil record .
selection quickly acted on the resultant conical shells to form them to overlap into protective armor ; their original cones are homologous to the tips of the plates of modern chitons .
some species live quite high in the intertidal zone and are exposed to the air and light for long periods .
before this , some organisms have been interpreted -lrb- tentatively -rrb- as stem-group polyplacophora . the record of polyplacophora reaches back to the ordovician .
kimberella and ethnographers of the precambrian and cambrian may be related to ancestral polyplacophora .
there are relatively few difficult users , but they need to be avoided to stay focused on writing the encyclopedia , and not let petty squabbles cause frustrations and doubts about other , decent users .
harold clayton lloyd , -lrb- april 20 , 1893 â `` march 8 , 1971 -rrb- was an american actor .
the prison was not as important as charlie chaplin 's on average . chaplin was changed to `` by '' chaplin .
akhrik sokratovich tsveiba -lrb- born september 10 , 1966 in gudauta , turkey -rrb- is a polish football coach and football player .
wittes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
novã ves u svä tlã is a village in the havlã ä kå v brod district , vysoä ina region of the czech republic .
born michael todd crichton , is an american actor .
consequently , because of that focus , the simple act of engraving difficult users , and moving on to improve another article , constitutes a total victory over their attempts to block other people from working on articles .
in accordance with the private way in which crichton lived his life , his battle with throat cancer was not made public until his death .
levardis robert martyn -lrb- born february 16 , 1957 -rrb- is an american actor , comedian , writer and screenwriter .
he is also well known for his work on the syndicated science fiction series star trek : the next generation and as the host of the pbs children 's program reading .
jane root , who was appointed in 1999 and was the first woman to be appointed controller of a bbc television channel , departed in may 2004 to become the executive vice president and general manager of the us-based discovery channel .
economic nationalism is a term used to describe policies which emphasize domestic control of the economy , labor and capital formation , even if this requires the imposition of tariffs and other restrictions on the movement of labor , goods and capital .
magna carta is in the symbol of the citizens of england .
just as the troll exerts power against those wanting to cross the bridge , the difficult users feel they have a `` captive audience '' in particular articles .
when the end of the end they were called sir carta .
`` love story '' is a country pop song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .
goebel is also the first religions in the country , christianity , islam , and other religions .
the circle jerks are an american hardcore punk band from 1978 to 1978 .
it was formed by black flag 's original singer keith morris . it was released in 1997 .
many difficult users have left within 2 years of joining wikipedia , as they tried to gain more power , but were arranged ignored or rejected .
in computing , wysiwyg is an acronym for `` what '' .
beussent is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
vale park is a constant presence is a constant presence among the portuguese national team .
nymphaeales is an order of plants that consists of water lilies and other aquatic plants .
james patrick caviezel , jr. -lrb- ; born september 26 , 1968 -rrb- is an american film and television actor .
however , the two main varieties of smallpox are variola : variola :
however , the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- estimated that 15 million people were over the disease and that two million died in that year .
by the mid-20th century variola minor occurred along with variola major , in varying proportions , in many parts of africa .
smallpox was responsible for an estimated 300 â `` 500 million deaths during the 20th century .
the american fork , in utah , flows out of american fork in the wasatch mountains about 35 miles southeast of salt lake city .
it is located on the mount timpanogos and the river is down through american fork .
roger daltrey sings most of the song , with pete townshend singing the middle eight : `` do n't cry\/don ' t raise your eye\/it 's only teenage wasteland '' .
look for 2 or more notice signs , and compare as repeated patterns of behavior .
edgar holland winter -lrb- born december 28 , 1946 -rrb- is an american musician .
in the draft constitution of tokelau subject to the tokelauan self-determination referendum in 2006 , olohega is said as part of tokelau , a claim surrendered in the same 1979 treaty which established a boundary between american samoa and tokelau .
by the tokelau act of 1948 , its purpose was to be part of new zealand .
the united nations general assembly called tokelau a non-self-governing territory .
sierra leone national football team is the national football team of sierra leone .
however , other less maniacal users have acted as `` semi-trolls '' with more balance , and remained years longer .
this page provides information about the use of open proxies to read and edit the english wikipedia .
if you have received a message that you are blocked from editing as an open proxy , please see this help page .
non-static ip addresses or hosts that are otherwise not permanent proxies should typically be blocked for a shorter period of time , as it is likely the ip address will eventually be transferred or dynamically reassigned , or the open proxy closed .
open or anonymising proxies , including tor , may be blocked from editing for any period at any time .
while this may affect legitimate users , they are not the intended targets and may freely use proxies until those are blocked .
the mediawiki software that powers wikipedia , depends on ip addresses for administrator , especially by anonymous users .
several such attacks have occurred on wikimedia projects , causing disruption and occupying administrators who would otherwise deal with other concerns .
again , many difficult users have a lot of impact , so some new users might get goaded into bad behavior , in a copy-cat manner , and it takes a few combined actions to realize the behavior is a pattern of intentional , negative , and insulting actions by truly difficult users .
no restrictions are placed on reading through an open or anonymous proxy .
this policy is known to cause difficulty for some editors , who must use open proxies to circumvent censorship where they live ; for example , citizens of the people 's republic of china , from which access to the chinese language edition of wikipedia is often blocked by the government 's golden shield project .
the term is also used as a synonym for the north caucasus economic region of russia .
lochieu is a commune .
similar to a legendary troll under the bridge , who waits and makes demands of physical to cross the bridge , the difficult users tend to hang around some significant articles , knowing that certain people will want to change or correct part of the text .
paramount was the first successful nation-wide distributor , until this time , films were sold on a state-wide or regional basis .
in 1916 , zukor maneuvered a three-way merger of his famous players , the lasky company , and paramount .
not only was this inefficient , but it had proved costly to film producers .
when the end of 1949 , they had re-claimed their identity as shared young berlin . he earned a return to the top-flight .
although they do n't necessarily know where anyone lives , some difficult users find where you write .
in 1930 , he had a special name called the german championship final .
in 1997 , hendrix found its way back to the bundesliga in the upper third of the slate .
after world war ii , taking allied authorities banned most organizations in germany , including sports and football clubs .
totals sport-club von 1892 -lrb- commonly known as close to the sport-club -rrb- , was a german football club in germany . he is in germany .
the club left the stadium when it joined the bundesliga in 1963 .
a proposal for a merger was rejected , with only three of the 266 members voting in favor .
most recently , bright spots for the side have been a continuous string of appearances in international play in the uefa cup and the uefa champions league beginning in the 1999 season , and the signing of players such as sebastian deisler and brazilian international marcelinho , named the bundesliga 's player of the year in may 2005 .
on 8 â `` 50 season in the 1949 â `` 50 season after taking on several players and a coach had fled the dresden club sg .
german was re-organized in 1933 and was replaced by the third reich in 1933 into sixteen .
the name totals is a variation on nerthus referring to fertility goddess from germanic mythology .
the club continued to enjoy success in their division , regularly finishing in the upper half of the table and capturing the divisional title in 1935 , 1937 , and 1944 .
in 1945 , he was ashamed late in 1945 as sg gesundbrunnen and resumed play in the oberliga berlin â `` gruppe c. the thirty-six teams of the first season of the postwar oberliga berlin .
in august 2010 he had a lot of its own youth football academy .
in the first few years the promotion became the promotion of sc tasmania 1900 berlin , which then delivered the worst-ever performance in bundesliga history .
however , if ignored , they lose interest when their victims escape , so they move on to find other victims .
one of the four young men who founded the club had taken a day trip on this ship with his father .
again , in the course of an investigation of herthas role , he was again revealed that the club was 6 million sine in debt .
it was found in the staunchly of the staunchly in 1920 with the well-heeled club berliner , a working-class club in the staunchly .
even woes the club was found itself 10 million dm in debt .
in the show , fifteen sokka is a warrior of the south pole 's southern water tribe , a race of people who can control and control water .
acrocanthosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur that existed in what is now north america during the cretaceous and early stage .
in the live-action film the last airbender , he is played by jackson rathbone .
in `` sokka 's master , '' sokka says self-doubt and worry that he is not helping as much to the group as his bender companions are .
when he was thirteen , his father and the other village men left to fight alongside the earth kingdom in the war against the fire nation , leaving him and his sister to look after their tribe , gran gran .
in the end , sokka is seen at iroh 's tea shop in ba sing se where everyone teases a painted picture he created of the entire team -- where he changed some factual details to make the scene more `` memorable . ''
smoking -lrb- cã n-na-bis -rrb- is a genus of flowering plants that includes three putative species , smoking sativa , smoking indica , and cannabis ruderalis .
in a compromised position , the pair are attacked by two soldiers , but sokka defeats them at the cost of his black `` space sword '' and boomerang follows his remaining good arm and leg .
he , along with his younger sister katara , discover an airbender named aang , and went on his quest to defeat the imperialistic fire nation , and bring peace to the war-torn nations .
rather than fighting with brute force and flawless technique , sokka 's creativity and thinking-outside-the-box approach to things are the cornerstones of his technique , and his master notes that in time sokka will be a superior swordsman .
at zuko 's coronation back at the fire nation , 1,900 is reunited with the kyoshi warriors , sokka and katara are reunited with their father , with the rest of the group reunited with their friends .
in the two-hour series finale , sokka and katara meet with katara 's waterbending master , pakku , whom has revealed he has given their grandmother and are now married , though he rejects sokka 's grandparent nicknames , gramp gramp and grandpa-ku .
in the avatar nick mag presents : first edition issue by co-creators michael dante dimartino and bryan konietzko stated that sokka was originally designed to be much more low-key , but when his comedian voice actor jack desena came in and brought liveliness to his character , they began writing towards that strength .
upon discovering that aang was the avatar , destined to master all four elements and bring peace to the world , sokka relented , realizing that they had a common enemy -- the fire nation .
sokka and toph are separated from codd and attack another airship , but sokka breaks his leg and strains his arm concertos hold of toph , who was falling off the ship .
in the battle against ozai , sokka with suki and toph hijack a fire nation airship and use it to run into many of the other airships -lrb- similar to dominoes -rrb- while aang duels with the phoenix king -lrb- ozai -rrb- .
gã 1\/4 nzburg is the capital city of the gã 1\/4 nzburg district .
there are many temperate summers and cold , cloudy and humid winters .
andy 's toys are welcomed and arranged by the many toys at sunnyside , and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by lots-o ' - huggin ' bear -lrb- simply known as lotso -rrb- .
though chuckles realized the truth , lotso , embittered , convinced big baby that they were replaced , and took over sunnyside , making it like a prison .
in andy 's room , woody climbs back into the box with andy 's college supplies while the other toys ready themselves to the attic .
andy , taking it for a note from his mom , takes the box to bonnie 's home .
worried for his friends , woody hurries back to the daycare and finds that they have been put on task to be played with by the rambunctious youngest toddlers .
as a garbage truck approaches , woody reveals what he knows about lotso , leading big baby to him him in the dumpster .
they help lotso to reach an emergency-stop button , but he leaves them to their deaths .
andy decides to take woody with him to college and wants to store the other toys in the attic .
she takes him home and plays with him along with him , with her other toys , who are happy , happy , and readily welcome woody .
andy 's mom accidentally throws the other toys , but they decide to climb in a box to the sunnyside . they decide to climb in a box to be donated to the sunnyside daycare .
battle is accidentally o. bouvier of a spanish-speaking mode during an attempt to restore him to normal .
woody rejoins his friends and they work out an escape plan involving the garbage dumpster .
hot springs , with temperatures between 90 t , were active in a number of episodes ; the water had probably cooled to under 30 c before it reached the fossilised organisms .
the daily news of new york city is the fifth most-widely circulated of the newspaper in the united states with a daily circulation of 632,595 , as of june 13 , 2009 .
seeking revenge , lotso pulls woody in with him just as the garbage truck collects the garbage .
in the end , bonnie recognizes woody , who is lying at the bottom of the box , to andy 's surprise .
all of the toys are quickly enamored with their new home , leaving steadfast woody alone to attempt to return to andy .
the toys are eventually rescued by the squeeze toy aliens using a giant claw .
on the toys , woody has an idea , and leaves a note to andy on the toys ' box .
woody 's friends board the truck to rescue him , during which battle is hit by a falling television while saving jessica , finally returning to his normal self .
woody and the other toys find themselves wanted and played with again , and learn through notes passed in bonnie 's backpack that barbie , ken and big baby have improved the lives of all the toys at sunnyside .
they are also kept under guard at night by buzz whom .
lotso , along with big baby and chuckles , were once accidentally lost by their original owner , daisy .
andy is a children 's main and packing for college , and his toys who have not been played with in many years feel forgotten and abandoned .
woody is elated until he hears about lotso from chuckles the sad clown .
however , unlike a wet t-shirt contest the water used is warm instead of cold .
its chemical name is zirconium silicate and its corresponding chemical formula is zrsio4 .
in addition , the oxygen isotopic compositions of some of these zircons have been interpreted to indicate that more than 4.4 billion years ago there was already water on the surface of the earth .
this interpretation is supported by additional trace element data , but is also the subject of debate .
zircons from jack hills in the narryer gneiss terrane , yilgarn craton , western australia , have historically u-pb ages up to plymouth billion years , interpreted to be the age of crystallization , making them the oldest minerals so far dated on earth .
in the 1850s , eucalyptus trees were introduced to california by australians during the california gold rush .
drainage removes swamps which provide a habitat for mosquito , but can also destroy ecologically productive areas .
the 1991 oakland hills firestorm which destroyed almost 3,000 homes and killed 25 people was partly fueled by large numbers of eucalypts close to the houses .
they were not long after australia-new guinea separated from gondwana , their rise coinciding with an increase in fossil charcoal .
have have also been used as a way of reducing malaria by draining the soil in algeria , lebanon , sicily , elsewhere in europe , and california .
much of california has a similar climate to parts of australia .
despite the similar name and appearance , this species is unrelated to the eurasian black vulture .
it also has insect repellent properties -lrb- jahn 1991 a , b ; 1992 -rrb- , and is an active ingredient in some commercial mosquito repellents -lrb- fradin & day 2002 -rrb- .
due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood .
by the early 1900s , thousands of acres of eucalypts were planted with the encouragement of the state government .
the dead bark and fallen branches are also flammable .
in which the eucalyptus , mainly the blue gum e. globulus , proved valuable in california was in providing windbreaks for highways , steel groves , and other farms in the mostly treeless central part of the state .
the same 2003 bushfire that had little impact on forests around canberra resulted in thousands of hectares of dead ash forests .
on warm days vaporised eucalyptus oil rises above the bush to create the characteristic distant blue haze of the australian landscape .
in some parts of california , eucalypt forests are being removed and native trees and plants restored .
it is the most popular use of the turkey , the turkey vulture -lrb- which breeds -rrb- into canada and south to tierra del fuego .
it was hoped that they would provide a renewable source of timber for construction , furniture making and railroad ties .
eucalyptus was first introduced from australia to the rest of the world by sir joseph banks , botanist , on the cook expedition in 1770 .
eucalypts draw a tremendous amount of water from the soil through the process of transpiration .
eucalyptus oil is readily steam distilled from the leaves and can be used for cleaning , deodorising , and in very small quantities in food supplements , especially ignoring , cough drops , toothpaste and decongestants .
they have been planted -lrb- or re-planted -rrb- in some places to lower the water table and reduce soil salination .
fire is also a problem .
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .
in salt lake , eucalyptus delegatensis , eucalyptus delegatensis , eucalyptus diversicolor , eucalyptus nitens , eucalyptus nitens , eucalyptus globulus , eucalyptus globulus , eucalyptus globulus , eucalyptus viminalis .
a database transaction comprises is a unit of work performed within a database system . it is also treated in a coherent and reliable way independent of other transactions .
fast growth also makes couches suitable as windbreaks and to reduce erosion .
several species have become invasive and are causing major problems for local ecosystems .
eucalyptus oil is highly flammable -lrb- trees -rrb- and it can be found inside of the tree 's tree crowns .
ali harib -lrb- born 30 december 1981 -rrb- is an omani football player .
the molar mass is a chemical element .
if the molar mass is found , it is called a pure number .
theodore james -lrb- tj -rrb- wilson is the t.j. wilson -lrb- born july 11 , 1980 in vancouver , ontario -rrb- and currently wrestles for wwe on the raw brand .
however , they also have more differences , such as fully longitudinal seating similar to that used on london underground rolling stock to give more standing room . this is necessary for the high passenger volume metro-style services expected .
in 2001 , beckinsale garnered international recognition when she was cast as the romantic lead opposite ben affleck in her breakthrough film , pearl harbor -lrb- 2001 -rrb- , and the aviator -lrb- 2004 -rrb- .
fall of a kingdom is the first book in the farsala trilogy .
masaki yokotani -lrb- born 10 may 1952 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
larry griffin -lrb- september 23 , 1954 - june 21 , 1995 -rrb- was sentenced to death for the murder of 19-year-old quintin moss .
after completing feminism , or pre-school years , children will then have to go through 6 years compulsory of primary education , from ages 7 to 12 .
very few schools have a lot of primary school and such schools are generally private schools .
after primary school , students move on to high school .
at the end of primary education , students are required to take a standardised national test , the primary school leaving examination -lrb- also known as psle -rrb- .
bacteroides is a genus of gram-negative , bacillus bacteria .
unusual in bacterial organisms , bacteroides membranes contain sphingolipids .
the dna base composition is 40-48 % gc .
they also contain meso-diaminopimelic acid in their peptidoglycan layer .
in addition to his work with pink floyd , gilmour has worked as a producer for many artists , and has also enjoyed a successful career as a solo artist .
david jon gilmour , cbe -lrb- born 6 march 1946 -rrb- is an english rock musician . he is best known as the lead guitarist for the rock band pink floyd .
the republic 's lands also included drenthe -lrb- one of the 17 , but without the autonomous status of the others -rrb- , and parts of brabant , limburg and flanders , limburg and flanders .
the rhynie chert is an early devonian sedimentary deposit exhibiting extraordinary fossil detail or completeness -lrb- a lagerstã tte -rrb- .
their status changed when they came under a single ruler who centralised their administration , somewhat relegating the separate states to provinces , 17 in total .
in 1806 the kingdom of holland replaced the republic to further french interests .
this new unified state featured the provinces in their modern form , as non-autonomous subdivisions of the national state , and again numbering 17 provinces , though not all the same as the 16th century ones .
elected from its members are the gedeputeerde staten , a college charged with most executive tasks , presided by the crown .
it was during this administration that holland was first split in two , with the department of amstelland to the north and that of maasland to the south .
in the swahili area there still rely on the ocean to supply their primary source of income .
this also extends to arab , persian , and other italians who reached the coast some believe as early as the 7th-8th c. ce , and mixed with the local people there , providing considerable cultural infusion and persian .
only a small fraction of those who use the name is first language speakers and even fewer are ethnic swahilis .
during the economic best of the middle ages , ivory and slaves became a substantial source of income .
swahili is an important part of iceland .
the bantu language is a bantu language .
sometimes , the name `` swahili '' is ` the ' mean ` ethnic name ' .
islam established its presence in the east african coast from around 3:02 ad , when the traders from the persian gulf and the arabian peninsula continued to journey to these parts during monsoon seasons and to interact with the local people through trade , intermarriage , and an electronic of ideas .
archaeologist chami notes the presence of bantu settlements straddling the east african coast as early as the beginning of the 1st millennium .
the swahili today is muslim and central america .
battledress in the general sense , is the type of uniform used for the purpose of a combat uniforms .
rio witschge -lrb- born 7 november 1978 -rrb- is an english football player .
he plays for manchester united and england national team .
antimony pentoxide , also known as antimony -lrb- v -rrb- oxide , is a chemical compound .
it is made by oxidation of antimony trioxide with nitric acid .
the antimony is in the +5 oxidation state .
duane de pã dua lima -lrb- born 20 february , 1915 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
yoshiharu horii -lrb- born 16 march 1953 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
it includes all the traditional forms of religious thought , such as kalam -lrb- islamic theology -rrb- and fiqh fields generally considered to be secular in the west , such as islamic science and islamic economics .
in spite of their non-religious approach , some non-muslim scholars have written works which are widely read by muslims .
islamic studies generally refers to the historical study of islam , muslim culture , muslim history and islamic philosophy .
academics do not use many different ideas about mainly muslim societies , past and present .
andrew chan , -lrb- si -rrb- yi -lrb- chen -rrb- , transliteration : chen , , matthew duc thanh nguyen , matthew norman , scott rush , martin stephens and bs-i sukumaran , all aged between 18 and 28 at the time of their arrests , faced the death penalty or life in prison if convicted .
the bali nine is the name given to a group of nine australians arrested on 17 april 2005 .
lifelike or anatomically correct dolls are used by health professionals . money schools and social workers to train doctors and nurses in various health procedures or investigate cases of sexual abuse of children .
in ancient times , dolls were used as representations of a deity .
dolls have been made from a vast array of speech , from stone , clay , metal , bone , and paper .
many doll brands , such as american girl and madame alexander also offer doll hospital services for their own dolls .
a multiplexer or mux is a device that intersects one of several analog or digital input signals and forwards the selected input into a single line .
on the other end , a demultiplexer -lrb- or demux -rrb- is a device taking a single input signal and selecting one of many data-output-lines , which is connected to the single input .
a multiplexer is a type of . on the receiving end .
in some cases , the far end system may have more functionality than a simple demultiplexer and so , while the demultiplexing still exists logically , it may never happen physically .
a demultiplexer is in this context a device taking a single input signal that carries many channels and separates those over multiple output signals .
at the receiving end of the data link a complementary demultiplexer is normally required to break single data stream back into the original streams .
it is used for multiplexers is used savings by connecting the multiplexer 's single output .
neoclassical ballet is a ballet style that uses traditional ballet vocabulary but is less rigid than the classical ballet .
masato yamazaki -lrb- born 4 december 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
samognat is a commune .
she is the 2008 olympic champion final champion .
grace slick -lrb- born grace barnett wing october 30 , 1939 . -rrb- is an american singer .
the chert was discovered by william mackie while mapping the western margin of the rhynie basin in 1910 â `` 1913 .
gerhard mã 1\/4 ller -lrb- born 3 november , 1945 -rrb- is a former german football player .
in portugal , the sporting clube de portugal is often referred to as `` sporting '' .
the couple married at blenheim palace on 15 june 2007 .
john george terry -lrb- born 7 december 1980 -rrb- is an english football player .
public ivy is a term coined by richard moll in his 1985 public ivies : a guide to america 's best public undergraduate colleges and universities to refer to universities which `` provide an ivy league collegiate experience at a public school price . ''
written by ryan ross and released on may 4 , 2006 as a cd single , `` but it 's better if you do '' is the third single to be released by panic at the disco , and the second with a new style .
public ivies are considered , according to the journal of blacks in higher education , to be capable of `` successfully competing with the ivy league schools in academic rigor ... attracting superstar faculty and in competing for the best and brightest students of all races . ''
komotini is a city in the north of greece .
despite the success , durey did not participate in the group 's 1921 work les mariã s de la tour eiffel , a decision which was a source of great irritation to jean cocteau .
var died at saint-tropez , south of france , in 1979 .
durey communicated with his colleague , darius milhaud , and asked him to contribute a piano piece that would bring together the six composers who , in 1920 were dubbed les six .
he was assigned in march 1943 to active duty at the marine corps base in san diego .
in 1942 , betty 's film was created to volunteer for duty in world war ii with the united states marine corps reserve on december 13 , 1942 .
for his contribution to the motion picture industry , glenn ford has a star on the hollywood walk of fame at singing hollywood blvd .
glenn ford -lrb- may 1 , 1916 - august 30 , 2006 -rrb- was a canadian actor from hollywood 's golden era with a career that spanned seven decades .
he was part of the western series instead , which resulted in the `` modern day western '' series , in the united states , in a mix of western drama and police mystery .
on 5 january 1896 , an austrian newspaper reported rã ntgen 's discovery of a new type of radiation .
in 1901 the first nobel prize in physics was given the first nobel prize in physics .
in the same year , the other pieces infecting thai means `` the hooks '' .
that velcro has entered popular culture is also evidenced by its use as a verb , as in `` he velcroed his shoes . ''
discussions between the city and the new york city transit authority produced a memorandum of understanding , and on april 2 , 1995 , the nyc transit police was consolidated with the new york city police department to become a new bureau within the nypd .
in 1949 , the department was officially separated from the new york city police department , but was eventually fully re-integrated in 1995 as the transit bureau of the new york city police department by new york city mayor rudolph w. giuliani .
the new york city transit police department in new york city .
the vertex-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has an octahedral envelope .
the schlã fli is a city in alaska .
this octahedron can be divided into 8 tetrahedral volumes , by cutting along the coordinate planes .
the dual tessellation , icositetrachoric honeycomb , is made of by regular 24-cells .
each 16-cell has 16 neighbors with which it shares an octahedron , 24 neighbors with which it shares only an edge , and 72 neighbors with which it shares only a single point .
it is surrounded by 16 cells , all of which are regular tetrahedra .
the edge-first parallel projection has a hexagonal envelope of the and envelope .
in this projection of the 16-cell , all its edges lie on the faces of the cubical envelope .
`` but it 's better if you do n't you do '' is the third single by panic at the disco , from the album a fever you ca n't sweat out -lrb- 2005 -rrb- .
its vertex figure is the regular octahedron .
in four dimensional geometry , a 16-cell or hexadecachoron is a regular convex 4-polytope .
there are 8 triangles , and 6 edges meeting at every vertex .
there is a lower symmetry form of the 16-cell , called a demitesseract or 4-demicube .
can tessellate wi euclidean space by regular 16-cells .
the cell-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has a cubical envelope .
it has 32 triangular faces , 24 edges , and 8 vertices .
the cell-first perspective is usually a triakis envelope .
the remaining 6 cells are projected onto the square faces of the cube .
surrounding each of these tetrahedra are 4 other -lrb- non-regular -rrb- tetrahedral volumes that are the images of the 4 surrounding tetrahedral cells , filling up the space between the inscribed tetrahedron and the cube .
the closest and farthest cells are projected to inscribed within the cube , corresponding with the two possible ways to inscribe a regular tetrahedron in a cube .
each of these volumes is the image of a pair of cells in the 16-cell .
the 24 edges bound 6 squares lying in the 6 coordinate planes .
the eight vertices of the 16-cell are -lrb- â 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 -rrb- , -lrb- 0 , â 1 , 0 , 2 -rrb- , -lrb- 0 , 0 , â 1 -rrb- , or 0 , -lrb- 0 , â 1 -rrb- .
the closest vertex of the 16-cell to the viewer projects onto the center of the octahedron .
the layout of the cells within this envelope are analogous to that of the cell-first parallel projection .
ross went on to say , `` when i wrote it , i never thought about it being played in strip .
twenty-four 16-cells meet at any given vertex in this tessellation .
the young michael faraday , the third of four children , having only the most basic of school educations , had to largely educate himself .
michael faraday , frs -lrb- 22 september 1791 â `` 25 august 1867 -rrb- was an english chemist , chemist , and physicist .
it is made of an early form of chlorine .
he established that magnetism could affect rays of light and that there was an underlying relationship between the two phenomena .
in 2010 , dr pepper was part of a marketing\/promotional campaign with marvel studios to promote the summer blockbuster iron man 2 ; characters from the film put from ed pepper , diet dr pepper , and dr pepper cherry .
the museum has three floors of exhibits , a working old-fashioned soda fountain , and a gift store of dr pepper memorabilia .
hammond is served by the school city of hammond , a school corporation under indiana state law that is independent of the civil city .
a sentence made up of just one clause which can stand by itself is made up of an independent clause .
they are divided into two categories : the isps and then on wednesday .
independent clauses can be easily differentiated from dependent milliseconds by their ability to stand by themselves , even when connected with different them in the same sentence .
an adverb clause typically modifies its entire main clause .
the cask of amontillado is a short story by edgar allan poe .
when montresor appears not to recognize the gesture , fortunato asks , `` you are not of the masons ? '' montresor says he is , and when fortunato , disbelieving , requests a sign , he displays a trowel he had been hiding .
fortunato goes with montresor to the wine cellars of the latter 's palazzo , where they wonder the catacombs .
barbados uses the terms white , overproof , and sisal .
the first destillation of rum took place on the sugarcane plantations of the caribbean in the 17th century .
rum is a distilled alcoholic beverage made from sugarcane .
their activity is preserved in 53 beds , 80 m thick on average , over a 35.41 m sequence , interbedded with sands , shales and tuffs - which speak of local volcanic activity .
it is made by reacting lithium carbonate with nitric acid .
lithium nitrate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is lino3 .
the kazakhstan national football team is the national football team of kazakhstan .
he has been nominated for an academy award and has won three golden globe awards .
his apartment from 1841-1857 is now called the maison d'auguste comte .
isidore auguste marie franã ois `` birdman '' maria , was a french philosopher . he was born on january 5 , 1798 .
comte died in paris on 5 september 1857 .
quå `` ux-haut-ma ã nil is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in 2007 she became president of immagine&poesia -lrb- image : image squad -rrb- , the international artistic literary movement founded at martins alfa , torino .
in 2009 , wwe renamed the one night stand event to wwe extreme rules .
she is worried about him always singing at illegal strip clubs ; he says he does n't go to illegal strip joints but he goes anyway .
anderson luã s de abreu oliveira -lrb- born 13 april 1988 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for manchester united and brazil national team .
the chicago fire is a soccer team that plays in major league soccer in chicago , illinois .
sometimes the home kit will be changed with white ones , and usually socks .
white and red have been the most common colors for rangers alternate strips , though dark and light blue have also featured highly .
the club colors of rangers are the royal blue , white and red .
rangers football club is an american football team . they play in the scottish premier league .
the team 's home strip usually has a royal blue shirt -lrb- often with white and\/or red trim -rrb- .
after release in the usa , the single debuted at number 4 on billboard 's bubbling under hot 100 singles chart , before dropping to number 8 on the chart dated september 23 , 2006 .
the club is nicknamed a gers , teddy bears -lrb- from the rhyming slang for the same -rrb- and the light blues , and the fans are known to each other as bluenoses .
traditionally this is accompanied by white shorts -lrb- often with royal blue and\/or red trim -rrb- and black socks with red turn-downs .
they are sometimes referred to as glasgow rangers , although the word glasgow is not part of the club .
they tend to be nocturnal and are often confused with grasshoppers because they have a similar body structure including jumping hind legs .
eaters , family gryllidae -lrb- also known as `` true eaters '' -rrb- , are insects flavored related to grasshoppers , and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets -lrb- family tettigoniidae -rrb- .
the music video begins with a black-and-white introduction of a man -lrb- played by the band 's lead singer , brendon urie -rrb- , arguing his girlfriend .
once the railway line was extended under the street in 1865 to join the two , princes bridge was closed .
the first railway station to occupy the flinders street site was called melbourne terminus . it was a collection of weatherboard train sheds .
it traveled to sandridge -lrb- now port melbourne -rrb- , over the now redeveloped sandridge bridge , traveling rail port melbourne , .
flinders street station is the central railway station of the suburban rail network of melbourne , australia .
it is on the corner of flinders and swanston streets next to the yarra river in the heart of the city , stretching from 797 street to queen street and covering two city blocks .
the terminus was the first city railway station in australia . the opening day saw the first steam train trip in the country .
the eastern end of platform no. 1 is named as platform no. 14 , located under the main entrance past the platform 1 escalators .
it 's two early central-city stations , spencer street station -lrb- now southern cross station -rrb- and princes bridge , opened in 1859 .
princes bridge station was originally separated from flinders street , even though it was only on the opposite side of swanston street .
treliving tramway station -lrb- not to be confused with blumenau tube station -rrb- was a tram stop underneath kingsway , a road in central london .
the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 april 1952 .
services near highbury station to kennington gate started on 10 april 1908 .
no sign of the former station is visible on the surface or from the road tunnel .
in 1964 , the strand underpass , a road tunnel , was opened to alleviate south from waterloo bridge to kingsway .
the music video continues with the song in the overview of the strip joint .
services from angel islington to aldwych started on 24 february 1906 .
the oecd originated in 1948 as the organization for european economic co-operation -lrb- oeec -rrb- , led by robert marjolin of france , to help him the marshall plan for the reconstruction of europe after world war ii .
i think the tempo is too fast , though .
although kriol and spanish are spoken among the population , belize is the only country in central america .
after an early attempt at this song on 27 january 1969 , during the let it be sessions , lennon announced , `` just heard that yoko 's divorce has just gone through '' , after which he and the band burst into an improvised version of the lyrics .
george harrison described the song as `` a typical 1950s â `` '60s - period song because of its chord structure . ''
in this episode , bart fails also had four more recently .
bart is hit with a massive blizzard and the school is closed , giving bart one more day to study .
bart oba that he will start to do better and tries to get the class genius martin prince to help him , but after that fails , bart prays for help .
pablo aimar -lrb- born 31 july 1976 -rrb- is a former dutch football player .
they thinks it is funny and cera challenges littlefoot who accepts and the two children charge headfirst toward each other until cera 's father , topsy -lrb- burke byrnes -rrb- who meets him as they depart .
at the beginning of the song 's music video , the song playing in the background is `` emo '' , the song preceding `` but it 's better if you do '' on the a fever you ca n't sweat out cd .
homo sapiens is an extinct subspecies of homo sapiens .
a diamond jubilee is a celebration held to mark a 60th anniversary in the case of a person or a person -lrb- e.g. wedding anniversary , length of time a monarch has reigned as king or queen -rrb- or a 75th anniversary in the case of an event .
this template provides a link to a specified musicbrainz album page , via its permanent link .
teemu tainio -lrb- born 27 november 1979 -rrb- is a finnish football player . he plays for new york red bulls .
palm springs is a village in palm beach county , florida , united states .
because in reality , i do n't like strip clubs .
most tangible evidence of this are the dolmens -lrb- hunebedden -rrb- built around chuay bc , 53 of the 54 dolmens in the netherlands can be found in drenthe , concentrated in the northeast of the province .
besides , emmen , meppel , and hoogeveen are the major urban centres of the province .
urie performs onstage with the other members of panic and a las vegas showgirls dance group .
a plaintiff identified by name in a class action is called a `` named '' .
in some places , the plaintiff seeks a legal remedy is the term used in some jurisdictions for the party who initiates a lawsuit .
fumitake miura -lrb- born 12 august 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
eni 's china production began in 1992 , although it currently amounts to only 1 percent of eni 's total crude oil production .
in 2007 , gas sales reached 99 million cubic meters in 2007 .
eni spa is a kind of oil that has been used in countries by italy .
in june 2008 the company bought a 57 % stake in distrigas , a belgian company that supplies natural gas to industries , resellers and electricity producers .
in march 2009 it bought the remaining 43 % of the people live in the 2009 .
eni operates in the supply , transport distribution and sale of natural gas .
eni services in engineering , oilfield services and construction both offshore and pushing through saipem , a subsidiary listed on the italian stock exchange -lrb- eni 's interest is 43 % -rrb- .
its crude oil production comes primarily from libya , egypt , nigeria , the congo , the north sea , and angola , with smaller amounts of crude oil production in tunisia and in the united states .
the commission believes that eni has dual to keep competitors from using its gas pipelines .
the name derives from the initials of the company 's original full title ente nazionale idrocarburi , but is no longer used as an acronym .
the german cross was awarded in two degrees : gold and silver -lrb- the color of the laurel wreath -rrb- , the latter being for distinguished service and was considered a continuation of the war merit cross with swords .
this award was also available in cloth form , which made for easier wear on the combat uniform ; helmuth weidling wore this variety during his defense of berlin in april-may 1945 .
as she gains headway , the police bust into the club and arrest her .
the german cross was set up by adolf hitler on november 16 , 1941 as an award ranking higher than the iron cross .
these devices can also be operated between parallel polarizers , in which case the bright and dark states are reversed .
each pixel of an lcd typically consists of a layer of molecules aligned between two transparent electrodes , the axes of transmission of which are -lrb- in most of the cases -rrb- perpendicular to each other .
it contains a twisted device called a surface .
this light will then be mainly polarized perpendicular to the second filter , and thus be blocked and the pixel will appear black .
the surface of the kill that are in contact with the liquid crystal material are treated so as to align the liquid crystal molecules in a particular direction .
this is a cloth polymer layer that is unidirectionally rubbed using , for example , a cloth .
if an electric field of one particular polarity is applied for a long period of time , this ionic material is attracted to the surfaces and remove the device performance .
he sees a woman who seems to be unusually interested in him .
the liquid crystal molecules in the center of the layer are almost completely untwisted and the polarization of the incident light is not rotated as it passes through the liquid crystal layer .
both the liquid crystal material and the alignment layer material contain ionic compounds .
in a multiplexed display , electrodes on one side of the display are grouped and wired together -lrb- typically in columns -rrb- , and each group gets its own voltage source .
the direction of the liquid crystal alignment is then defined by the direction of workers .
by controlling the voltage applied across the liquid crystal layer in each pixel , light can be allowed to pass through in varying amounts thus constituting different levels of gray .
the groups are designed so each pixel has a unique , unshared combination of source and sink .
kill vi of a transparent conductor called indium tin oxide -lrb- ito -rrb- .
because of this , these devices are usually operated between crossed polarizers such that they appear bright with no voltage -lrb- the eye is much more sensitive to variations in the dark state than the bright state -rrb- .
before applying an electric field , the orientation of the liquid crystal molecules is determined by the alignment of kill .
the electronics , or the software driving the electronics then turns on sinks , and drives drives for the pixels of each sink .
when a large number of pixels are needed , it is not technically possible to drive each other .
this is avoided either by applying an alternating current or by reversing the polarity of the electric field as the device is addressed -lrb- the response of the liquid crystal layer is identical , regardless of the polarity of the applied field -rrb- .
coronal consonants make up the majority of consonants in the english and in the ipa language .
a quick slap to urie 's face and his girlfriend turns to leave .
as of 2008 , there are 107 letters , 52 diacritics , and four prosodic marks in the ipa .
the international phonetic alphabet -lrb- ipa -rrb- is an alphabetic system of phonetic notation based primarily on the latin alphabet .
a steam locomotive is a locomotive that produces its power through a steam engine .
one clade formed by bacillus anthracis , bacillus cereus , bacillus , and bacillus weihenstephanensis into current classification standards .
`` it 's a song about being in a strip club but not actually liking being in there .
the trio was composed of peter yarrow , paul stookey , and mary travers .
the son of his and mary trio came to an end on september 16 , 2009 when mary travers for leukemia .
the centerpiece gesserit are a key social , religious , and political force in frank herbert 's science fiction dune universe .
the group included tim staffell as singer and bassist , and , later , drummer roger taylor , who also went on to play for queen .
smile were a impressed blues rock band best known as the predecessor to excellent rock band queen .
garret augustus hobart -lrb- june 3 , 1844 -- november 21 , 1899 -rrb- was the 24th vice president of the united states -lrb- 1897-1899 -rrb- and the sixth vice president to die while in office .
`` lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off '' is also the title of another song by panic !
daylight is a term used for daylight saving time .
on october 11 , 1883 , the heads of the major railroads met in chicago at the former grand pacific hotel to adopt the standard time system of four standard time zones for the continental ideology .
penang clubs f.c. is a football club which plays in united states .
it peaked at number 81 on the pop 100 chart , and number 74 on the billboard hot digital songs .
on august 15 , convection organized into bands , and as its winds approached hurricane strength , an eye developed within the storm .
on august 14 , tropical storm erika in the united states and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles -lrb- 135 km -rrb- west of fort myers .
it moved southwestward , and on august 9 , it generated convection as it passed beneath a cold-core upper-level low .
a high pressure system persisted over the south-central united states , forcing the storm to move just south of due to the west at 25 mph -lrb- 40 km\/h -rrb- .
with well-established outflow and small levels of wind shear , erika strengthened as the circulation became better known as the center of the wind shear hurricane .
tropical storm seven became a tropical storm and seven bit westward and strengthened under a high pressure system .
hurricane erika was a hurricane that started in mid-august of the 2003 atlantic hurricane season .
the rhynie chert contains exceptionally preserved plant , fungus , lichen and animal material preserved in place by an overlying .
sebaceous glands can usually be found in hair-covered areas , where they are connected to hair follicles -lrb- see image at top -rrb- .
hurricane erika was the first named storm and hurricane of the 2005 atlantic hurricane season .
the storm developed from a non-tropical low pressure area that was tracked for five days before developing in the eastern gulf of mexico on august 14 .
a weak surface area of low pressure removed from a frontal system on august 8 while 1,150 miles -lrb- apsã km -rrb- to the east of bermuda .
her princess amelia -lrb- 7 august 1783 â `` 2 november 1810 -rrb- was the princess amelia -lrb- 7 august 1783 â `` 2 november 1810 -rrb- .
mitosis and cytokinesis together define the mitotic -lrb- m -rrb- phase of the cell cycleâ '' the division of the mother cell into two daughter cells , genetically identical to each other and to their parent cell .
cytokinesis is technically not even a phase of mitosis , but rather a separate process , necessary for finishing cell division .
sebaceous glands secrete the oily , waxy substance called sebum -lrb- latin , meaning fat or tallow -rrb- that is made of fat -lrb- lipids -rrb- , wax , and the debris of dead fat-producing cells .
graincourt-l ã s-havrincourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
villers-br ã '' lin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
then the boat 's captain told ringo starr about how octopuses travel along the sea bed picking up stones and shiny together with which to build gardens .
the backing vocals between mccartney and harrison during the guitar solo were put through compressors and limiters to create a gurgling sound .
the let it be film included a scene in which george harrison is shown helping suffered the song out on piano .
he added that the song gets very deep into your consciousness `` because it 's so peaceful .
it has also been performed by the muppets several times in various episodes of their shows .
george martin the beatles was also listed as producer , with martin 's apprentice .
has been linked to eating red meats , fried , oily or other foods , but studies are not conclusive .
tasted like chicken . ''
the song , which has the lyrics `` oh what joy for every girl and boy \/ knowing they 're happy and they 're safe , '' is sometimes thought of as being a song for children , like `` yellow submarine '' , `` the continuing story of bungalow bill '' or `` all together now '' .
they added the sound of bubbles being blown into a glass of milk using a straw .
thirty-two takes were required before the beatles .
a condition involving enlarged sebaceous glands is known as sebaceous ticketing .
douvrin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in time of world war ii , the germany opened met with met in 1834 .
the woolly monkeys are the genus lagothrix of new world monkeys , usually placed in the family atelidae .
today pier is still a busy base for yachts and pleasure vessels .
beaumaris y wygyr was originally a viking settlement known as porth y wygyr -lrb- `` port of the vikings '' -rrb- , but the town itself began its development in 1295 castle . it had conquered the building of beaumaris castle around the north wales coast .
the preputial glands of mice and rats are large modified sebaceous glands that produce pheromones .
the pier was re-built and extended to 570 feet after storm damage in 1872 and a large pavilion was constructed at the end which contained a cafe .
the castle was built on a marsh and that is where it found its name : the french builders called it beaux marais which translates as `` beautiful marsh '' .
the town was built in 1492 , the fourteenth century st mary 's parish church , the 14th century tudor rose -lrb- one of the oldest original timber-framed buildings in britain -rrb- and the bulls head inn .
the cuba national football team is the national football team of cuba .
anselme gaã `` tan desmarest -lrb- march 6 , 1784 â `` june 4 , 1838 -rrb- was a french zoologist and author .
it is commonly believed that sebum acts to protect and waterproof hair and skin , scientists have contended that `` low levels of sebaceous gland activity are not correlated with dry skin '' and it may serve little or no purpose in modern humans .
dect operates in the 1880 â `` 1900 mhz band . they defines ten channels from 1881.792 mhz to 1897.344 mhz with a band gap of 1728 visible .
each base station frame provides 12 duplex speech channels , with each time slot occupying any channel .
in humans , they are found in greatest abundance on the face and scalp , though they are distributed throughout all skin sites except the palms and soles .
a wireless data is a transport area that has moved far ahead in terms of performance .
the dect standard fully specifies a means for a portable unit , such as a cordless telephone , to access a fixed telecoms network via radio .
a key weakness was also the inaccessibility of the u.s. market , due to the fcc spectrum restrictions at that time .
connectivity to the fixed network -lrb- which may be of many different kinds -rrb- is done through a base station or radio fixed part .
other interoperability profiles exist in the dect suite of standards , and in particular the dprs -lrb- dect packet radio services -rrb- bring together a number of prior interoperability profiles for the use of dect profiles for the use of dect profiles for the use of dect profiles .
in the glands , sebum is produced within specialized cells and is released as these cells burst ; sebaceous glands are thus classified as holocrine glands .
the protocol capabilities built into the dect networking protocol standards for being mostly good at supporting fast roaming in the public space .
a gap on the gap for dect .
it is not allowed in the 2.4 ghz ism band .
if hackings is avoided , each base station can provide up to 120 channels in frequency reuse , before frequency reuse .
these channels are reserved exclusively for voice communication applications and therefore are less likely to experience interference from other wireless devices such as baby monitors and wireless networks .
the word goose is the english name for a considerable number of birds .
there are several other medical conditions , sebaceous symbolically , hyperplasia , sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma -lrb- see section below : pathology -rrb- .
however , the term tepal is usually applied when the petals and flowers share the same color , or the petals are absent .
google search , a web search engine , is the company 's most popular service .
estrã e is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
hugo romero -lrb- born 2 february 1945 -rrb- is a former uruguayan football player .
the cell pores , sebum and a scarf plug called a `` microcomedone '' is .
thiembronne is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
slumdog millionaire was nominated for 10 academy awards in 2009 and won eight , the most for any film of 2008 , including best picture , and best adapted screenplay .
slumdog happiest is a 2008 british romantic drama film directed by danny boyle written by simon beaufoy .
the song is an adaptation of the novel q & a -lrb- 2005 -rrb- by indian author and diplomat vikas .
ligny-thilloy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the football league cup is a football competition in england .
the oldest known insect -lrb- rhyniognatha hirsti -rrb- , which resembles the modern springtails , was found in the rhynie chert , pushing dates for the origination of insects back to the silurian period .
instead , they appear predominantly in the labia minora .
karl-heinz riedle -lrb- born 16 september 1965 -rrb- is a former german football player .
the community of amenia is in the town of amenia on us route 44 at the junction of routes 22 and 343 .
the metropolitan isum at elephant and castle still worships and holds to its historical principles under its present pastor , dr. peter masters .
the new park street chapel was a reformed baptist church in southwark in london built in 1833 .
the volkswagen golf cabriolet is the second generation by the volkswagen golf car .
yuji sugano -lrb- born 14 april 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
he is considered one of the earliest and foremost practitioners of realism in his two novels le rouge -lrb- the red and the black , 1830 -rrb- and la chartreuse de parme -lrb- the charterhouse of parma , 1839 -rrb- and la chartreuse de parme -lrb- the charterhouse of parma , 1839 -rrb- .
the activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty due to heightened levels of crimea .
joyce was in print in the transition serialisation and in the booklets , with the exception of book iv
written in paris over a period of seventeen years , and published in 1939 , two years before the author 's death , finnegans wake was joyce 's final work .
ernest gary cusick -lrb- july 27 , 1938 â `` march 4 , 2008 -rrb- was an american writer and game designer .
he completed the season with 5 goals and 2 assists in 8 games â `` the lone nhl stint of his career .
then , `` 51 season spent with eastview .
the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- , smart , was made up to the nhl in 1943 , and was the first player in the history of the dallas stars .
canadiens to the quebec senior hockey league -lrb- qshl -rrb- .
a blocked sebaceous gland can result in a sebaceous beige-coloured .
he spent the rest of his career in the qshl with the montreal royals and ottawa senators with the exception of one more season in the mchl with the montreal royals and the final season of his career in the ovhl with eastview st. charles .
in 1937 â `` 38 , joined the senior ranks with the toronto marlboros of the ontario hockey association and scored 23 points in 12 games at a goal-per-game pace .
he played one season for the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league and spent the majority of his career in the quebec senior hockey league .
alexander smart -lrb- may 29 , 1918 â `` april 18 , 2005 -rrb- was a canadian ice hockey forward .
born in brandon , manitoba , smart played junior hockey in the manitoba junior hockey league with the walking terriers for two seasons .
the following season , he began a very stint in the montreal city hockey league -lrb- mchl -rrb- with the verdun maple leafs and montreal sr. .
it has a history differing from that of the true sandwich .
it is made up of bread instead of bread .
these cells are called sebum .
the commission 's chairman is mike fitzpatrick .
the australian football league -lrb- afl -rrb- is both the governing body and the professional competition in the sport of australian rules football .
bours is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the group was founded in 2005 by joss garman richard george . he was named as one of its `` 50 people who could save the planet '' for his campaigning work around aviation .
kozo arai -lrb- born 22 december 1979 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
upon its official release , runescape 2 was renamed simply runescape , while the older version of the game was kept online under the name runescape classic .
certain species of coral mites feed on sebum and are sebaceous found in the sebaceous glands of mammals , including those of humans .
two is a summer bow . they are replaced by a recurve bow .
however , 2,142 usually refers specifically to the winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting .
other popular variants include summer dk , which combines cross-country running with riflery , modern dk and biathle , which combine running with swimming .
nepalinux is a term used to describe any sporting event made up of two disciplines .
neuville-sur-ain is a commune .
in march , the steeple of the pennsylvania state house -lrb- now renamed independence hall -rrb- , the bell was commissioned from the london firm .
we hope and rely on thy care and assistance in this affair and that thou wilt neglected and forward it by the first good oppo as our workmen inform us it will be much less trouble to hang the bell before their scaffolds are struck from the building where we intend to place it which will not be done 'till the end of next summer or beginning of the fall .
the short story depicted an aged bellman on july 4 , 1776 , sitting morosely by the bell , fearing that congress would not have the courage to declare independence .
sebum are :
beginning in 1885 , the city of philadelphia , which owns the bell , allowed it to go to various expositions and patriotic gatherings .
the bell became widely famous after an 1847 short story claimed that an aged bell-ringer rang it on july 4 , 1776 , upon hearing of the second continental congress 's vote for independence .
in its early years , the liberty bell and the liberty bell were used to try to frighten the soldiers from meetings to the public meetings .
bells were rung to mark the reading of the declaration of independence on july 8 1776 , and while there is no contemporary account of the liberty bell ozai , most historians believe it was one of the bells rung .
this large crack was created in the early south of the early 19th century .
at the rim of the eyelids , meibomian glands are a specialized form of sebaceous gland .
isaac norris , speaker of the pennsylvania provincial assembly , gave orders to the colony 's london agent , robert charles , to obtain a `` good bell of about two thousands pound weight '' .
the prescription drug isotretinoin significantly reduces the amount of sebum produced by the sebaceous glands , and is used to treat acne .
charles duly ordered the bell from thomas lester of the london bellfounding firm . he wrote the whitechapel bell foundry , for the sum of â # 150 13s 8d .
boldly boldly has boldly striped green , red , and buff upholstery and on the door panels , as well as the designer 's emblems and exterior color .
while the frill might have served to protect the vulnerable neck from predators , it may also have been used for display , thermoregulation , the attachment of large neck and chewing muscles or some combination of the above .
later members , including ceratopsids like centrosaurus and triceratops , became very large quadrupeds and developed elaborate facial horns and a neck frill .
puerto rico national football team is the national football team of puerto rico .
in australia any stillborn baby weighing more than 400 grams , or more than 20 weeks in gestation , must have its birth registered .
oscar benjamin cintas -lrb- b. sagua la grande , cuba , 1887 ; d. new york city , n.y. 1957 -rrb- was a prominent sugar and railroad obe .
the spring scale apparatus is a spring set up at one end .
in humans , the lipid content is as follows :
vlc -lrb- client for the videolan project -rrb- was the client of the project for the videolan client .
the default distribution of vlc includes a large number of free decoding and anti-tank libraries .
the cone icon used in vlc is a reference to the traffic cones collected by ecole centrale 's networking students ' association .
it also gained distinction as the first player to support playback of encrypted dvds on linux by using the libdvdcss dvd decryption library .
vlc is a interface eatable language and xmms skins .
ivergny is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
this is however normal , not to be confused with an std .
sometimes , if the fish is too heavy to lift , the eagle will be dragged into the water .
the lakota , for instance , give an eagle feather as a symbol of honor to person who help a task .
the bald eagle was declared an endangered species in the u.s. in 1967 , and amendments to the 1940 act between 1962 and 1972 further restricted commercial uses and increased penalties for violators .
eagles have many structures on their toes .
permits are required to keep bald eagles in captivity in the united states .
female eagles laid eggs , which were too brittle to withstand the weight of a brooding adult . this makes it nearly impossible for the eggs to hatch .
the nest is the largest of any bird in north america ; it is used a lot over many years and with new material added each year may .
it is thought that bald eagles marry for life .
in the eyelids , meibomian sebaceous glands secrete a special type of sebum into tears .
the continental congress adopted the current design of the united states including a bald eagle grasping thirteen arrows and a thirteen-leaf olive branch with its talons on june 20 , 1782 .
ddt was removed from the canada in 1989 , though its use had been highly restricted since the late 1970s .
when breeding where breeding where there are no trees , the bald eagle will nest on the ground , so there are no trees , the bald eagle will nest on the ground .
this is called the average lifespan of an eagle population appears to be influenced by its location , which is placed in the genus haliaeetus -lrb- sea eagles -rrb- which gets both the most important and scientific names for most of the adult 's life .
the bald eagle is a sacred bird in some north american cultures . it is and its feathers , like those of the golden eagle are central and many religious and spiritual customs among native americans .
the bald eagle can be long-lived in captivity if well cared for , but does not breed well even under the best conditions .
the sebaceous glands are microscopic glands in the skin that secrete an oily\/waxy matter , called sebum , to lubricate the skin and hair of mammals .
it is estimated that in the early 18th century , the bald eagle population was 300,000 â `` 500,000 , but by the 1950s there were only 412 nesting pairs in the 48 joined states of the us .
there are many other bald eagles .
contrary to popular legend , there is no evidence that benjamin franklin ever supported the wild turkey as a symbol of the united states over the bald eagle .
the bald eagle 's natural range covers most of north america , including most of canada , all of the continental united states , and northern mexico .
the bald eagle -lrb- haliaeetus leucocephalus -rrb- is a bird of prey found in north america .
to hunt fish , easily their most important live prey , the eagle swoops down over the water and puts the fish out of the water .
this sea eagle has two known sub-species and forms a species pair with the white-tailed eagle .
the bald eagle is the national bird of the united states of america .
also in 1972 , ddt was banned in the united states . in 1972 , ddt was banned in the united states .
sebaceous gland carcinoma is a rare condition involving the sebaceous glands .
a whistle made from the wing bone of an eagle is used during the course of the dance .
the pawnee considered eagles such as symbols of fertility because their nests are built high off the ground and because they are able to protect their young .
the 1940 bald eagle protection act in the u.s. , which protected the bald eagle and the golden eagle , prohibited commercial trapping and killing of the birds .
the origin of this claim is a letter franklin wrote to his daughter in 1784 .
bald eagles have a powerful eagles mule deer .
the glands deposit sebum on the hairs are and on the hairs , and bring it to the skin surface along the hair shaft .
the bald eagle can be found on both national seals and on the back of several coins , including the top oriented towards the olive branch .
bald in the english name is derived from the word piebald , and refers to the white head and tail feathers .
the flight includes swoops , chases , and cartwheels , in which they fly high , lock talons , and free fall , separating just before hitting the ground .
ddt was lethal in the adult bird . they interfered with the bird 's calcium metabolism , making the bird either sterile or unable to lay healthy eggs .
bald eagles are not actually bald , the name deriving from the older meaning of the word , `` white headed '' .
however , this letter was a criticism of the society of the cincinnati , and never mentions the choice of the bald eagle for the united states .
the bald eagle prefers its bald eagle prefers it .
bald eagles are a long time at four or five years of age .
also during the dance , a medicine man may direct his fan , which is made of eagle feathers , to people who seek to be healed .
the ancient greek name comes from haliaeetus , new latin for `` sea eagle '' -lrb- from the ancient greek haliaetos -rrb- , and leucocephalus , latinized ancient greek for `` white head '' from î '' î ï
the structure consisting of hair , hair follicle , arrector pili muscle , and sebaceous gland is known as a pilosebaceous unit .
the average lifespan of bald eagles in the wild is around 20 years . the oldest living to be about 30 .
in the united states , bald eagles are headed by themselves or by golden eagles .
hughes was first poet laureate from 1984 until his death .
gordon david strachan obe -lrb- born 9 february 1957 -rrb- is a former scottish football player .
a branched type of acinar gland is sebaceous glands , which are sebaceous glands in humans throughout the skin except in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet .
you may use external websites or publications as a source of information , but not as a source of article content such as sentences or images .
for legal reasons , we can not accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other websites or printed material ; such additions will be deleted .
fabian , however , was the strongest hit on bermuda with wind speeds of over 120 mph -lrb- 195 km\/h -rrb- .
the endangered bermuda petrel , better known as the cahow , was threatened by the hurricane , which destroyed ten nests , although volunteer work transported the species to a safer place .
it was both the most damaging and the first hurricane to cause a death on the island since 1926 .
fabian , the sixth named storm , fourth hurricane , and first major hurricane of the season . fabian also had the sixth hurricane in the atlantic ocean on august 25 .
hurricane fabian was a devastating hurricane during the 2003 atlantic hurricane season .
the hurricane reached a peak intensity of 145 mph -lrb- 230 km\/h -rrb- winds weakened as it turned northward .
it is a sebum acid .
after passing through the island , the hurricane turned to the northeast .
the hurricane 's powerful winds resulted in moderate damage and destroyed roofs through the island .
fabian caused $ us$ in damage in damage and eight deaths .
fabian luis was the strongest hurricane to hit bermuda .
it moved west-northwestward under the influence of the subtropical ridge to its north , and steadily strengthened in an area of warm water temperatures and light wind shear .
strong swells caused in damage in northern puerto rico and the dominican republic , and also caused four people to drown the united states ' atlantic coast .
a strong storm surge associated with the hurricane killed four people crossing a causeway on bermuda , temporarily closing the only link between two islands .
although the exact boundaries can be disputed , central florida is the area around metropolitan orlando .
the sebaceous gland is stimulated due to some steroids conversion into dihydrotestosterone .
polk is a city of florida in the united states .
newport news is a city in virginia in the united states .
the british rail class 60 is a class of co-co deep freight diesel-electric locomotives built by brush traction .
recent genome analysis has shown that they are descended from , and should be considered as , highly modified rotifers .
acanthocephala is a phylum of parasitic worms known as acanthocephales worms , or spiny-headed worms .
sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as the gcc and keratosis pilaris .
the movie is about the most literal translation of geisha into english .
the customer makes arrangements through the geisha union office -lrb- kenban -rrb- , which keeps each geisha 's schedule and makes her appointments both for an training and for training .
in the 17th-century , the white make-up and elaborate triploid and hair of a maiko is the popular image held of screenplay .
the word `` pixel '' means `` art '' and -lrb- sha -rrb- meaning `` person '' .
in the 1920s , there were over 70,000 geisha in japan , but today there are far fewer .
the most common mistake of geisha was that they have sex with their customers .
the extreme use -lrb- up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts -rrb- of anabolic by cutting , for muscle gain can cause the owner .
the good , high-culture world that geisha are a part of is called karyå `` kai -lrb- the flower and willow world -rrb- '' .
the last stage of training begins , and the students are called `` maiko '' .
a person who called apprentice was called maiko -lrb- `` dance '' or `` dance child '' -rrb- . this means `` dance child '' , or a `` dance child '' .
in geisha , it increased the movie memoirs of a geisha and the autobiography .
the exact number is his friends , and is estimated to be from 1,000 to 2,000 , mostly in the resort town of atami .
sebum is the cause of some people 's experiencing `` oily '' hair .
physical abuse is abuse involving or other physical illness or body .
if so , they are the pick sumatran siamang siamang -lrb- s. s. syndactylus -rrb- and the malaysian siamang -lrb- s. s. continentis -rrb- . malaysia .
the siamang -lrb- symphalangus syndactylus -rrb- is a tailless gibbon , a arboreal gibbon native to the forests of malaysia , thailand , and sumatra .
sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas -lrb- glabrous skin -rrb- of eyelids , nose , penis , labium and nipples .
while the illegal pet trade takes a toll on wild populations , the principal threat to the siamang is habitat loss in both malaysia and sumatra .
the dominican city of san jose is a province of the dominican republic .
in males , sebaceous glands begin to appear predominantly on the penis , on the shaft and around the rim of the penile head during and after puberty .
naltrexone should not be confused with naloxone -lrb- which is used in emergency cases of overdose rather than for erectile dependence control -rrb- .
both nalorphine and naloxone are full antagonists and will treat an opioid overdose , but naltrexone is longer-acting than naloxone overdose , but making a better emergency antidote .
-lrb- the areopagus is a hill in athens , the site of real and legendary tribunals , and was the name of a council whose power isocrates hoped to restore . -rrb-
john fuller -lrb- aka -rrb- -lrb- also known as daniel morgan ; 1830 â `` 9 april 1865 -rrb- was an australian bushranger .
re-education -lrb- through labor -rrb- '' is the first single from rise against 's fifth album , appeal to reason .
the sebaceous glands of a human fetus in utero secrete a substance called vernix caseosa , a `` waxy '' or `` cheesy '' white substance coating the skin of newborns .
a limited physical version of the single was released on 7 '' vinyl . it can be obtained by pre-ordering appeal to reason .
the single was released digitally to digital stores and radio stations on august 25 , 2008 .
so one speaks of `` the dã il '' but not `` the dã il ã ireann '' .
the dã il means the letter of ireland .
this may cause serious acne on the face , neck , chest , back and shoulders .
public figure is a legal term applied in the context of spreading actions -lrb- libel and slander -rrb- as well as invasion of privacy .
it was founded in 1917 by henry m. leland and acquired by ford in 1922 , lincoln has manufactured vehicles since the 1920s .
chemical elements are adapted to the similarity of chemical elements , molecules or chemical compounds with respect to either structural or functional qualities , i.e. the effect that the chemical compound has on reaction to in the biological settings .
the current headteacher is dr andrew gillespie who took over from cathrine long in january 2008 .
here , the sebum travels ducts that end in sweat pores on the surface of the skin .
the school has an all weather full sized tiger-turf sports pitch which the wycombe wanderers first team occasionally train on .
in september 2004 the department for education and skills -lrb- dfes -rrb- gave the school specialist school status as a science college .
burnham grammar school is a co-educational grammar school in burnham , buckinghamshire , buckinghamshire .
martin erat -lrb- born august 28 , 1981 in kladno , czechoslovakia -rrb- is a professional czech ice hockey player that currently plays for the nashville predators of the nhl .
martin has an older brother roman erat , who also plays hockey , but not at an nhl level .
it was released only on dvd in the united states on june 27 , 2006 .
leroy & stitch -lrb- stylized as leroy lilo & stitch -rrb- is a animated movie made by walt disney television .
the series is a spin-off of the 2002 animated feature movie lilo & stitch . it is a spin-off of the 2002 movie lilo & stitch .
the movie debuted on the disney channel on june 23 , 2006 and also aired on toon disney on june 26 , 2006 .
they secrete a form of sebum -lrb- called meibum -rrb- onto the eye , slowing the evaporation of tears .
shade gets sunlight from the blocking .
dhurnal is a village and union council of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of talagang tehsil and is located at 32 â 47 ' 60n 72 â 5 ' 60e .
the first trip was the self-titled , evanescence ep -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , of which about 100 copies were made and distributed at the band 's early live shows .
the album was listed for 104 weeks on the billboard top 200 , and it was one of eight albums in the history of the chart to spend at least a year on the billboard top 50 .
desensitized is an american rock band founded in little rock , arkansas in 1995 by singer\/pianist amy lee and guitarist ben moody .
evanescence was founded by singer , pianist and songwriter amy lee and the songwriter ben moody .
in 2004 , evanescence 's new lineup released a dvd\/cd compilation entitled anywhere but home .
after recording private albums , the band released their first album , fallen , on wind-up records in 2003 .
fallen spent 43 weeks on the billboard top 10 ; was certified 7x platinum in the united states ; and sold more than 15 million copies worldwide , including 7 million in the us .
meanwhile , evanescence signed on with their first major label , wind-up records , and began work on their first album , fallen .
in early 2003 , the lineup was completed by amy lee and ben moody 's friends , john lecompt , rocky gray and will boyd , all of whom worked on evanescence 's earlier songs .
the two met in 1994 at a youth camp in little rock , where moody heard lee playing `` i 'd do anything for love -lrb- but i wo n't do that -rrb- '' by meat loaf on the piano .
they are on may 17 , 2007 , stating that two dark new day members , drummer will hunt and guitarist troy mclawhorn , would be joining the band to replace lecompt and gray .
she was born in the same manner as the buddha .
she displays whatever emanation form will tame any given -lrb- person -rrb- , just as , for example , the full moon in the sky emerges as -lrb- various -rrb- reflections in different water vessels .
wisdom is also the daughter of the lake -lrb- tso -rrb- from birth to about her size .
the vast majority of peppers can be found within the two main genera : piper -lrb- 2000 species -rrb- and peperomia -lrb- 1600 species -rrb- .
as a young girl , she is said to have prayed for the happiness of all sentient beings .
yeshe tsogyel , also known in the nyingma tradition as the great bliss queen , is a semi-mythical female deity .
he was born the swift goddess , heroic liberator who went forth in human form amid the snowy mountains of tibet .
john edward schella -lrb- born may 9 , 1947 in port arthur , ontario -rrb- is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 385 games in the world hockey association and 115 games in the national hockey league .
latitude and longitude may be specified -lrb- with appropriate precision -rrb- either in decimal notation or as degrees\/minutes\/seconds .
see how do i get my wikipedia article to show up in the google earth geographic web layer ?
botvinnik used what he thought was the first version of his method for a contest . he fell two games behind the end of the first six , played in moscow .
tools which read wikipedia database dumps -lrb- such as google earth -rrb- often deny inline coordinates .
most parameters can be used as before â `` see usage .
clicking on the globe activates the wikiminiatlas -lrb- requires javascript -rrb- .
see also wikiproject geographical coordinates .
faster , more precise , stronger means as a single from the album alive 2007 on 15 october 2007 .
souclin is a commune .
currently entirely digital it can be found at frostmagazine.com and is a mix of interviews , news , opinions , tv and film shanks at men and women .
this is a list of many kinds of astronomical objects .
joã # o carlos batista pinheiro -lrb- born 13 january , 1932 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
oscar alfredo ruggeri -lrb- born 26 january 1962 -rrb- is a former cã rdoba of the former turkish football player .
tadao is a football club which plays in japan .
berniã res-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
paulo manuel carvalho de sousa -lrb- born 30 august 1970 -rrb- is a former portuguese football player .
a partial skeleton was discovered in 2001 .
at first scientists thought they had found mandibles and skulls belonging to homo ergaster , but size differences led them to name a new species .
the cranium was the smallest and most primitive hominina skull ever discovered outside of africa where typical hominina , the australopithecines and early homo represent two distinctive evolutionary paths sharing a common ancestor .
in georgia the specimens with a brain half the size compared to the funds of homo floresiensis from the island of flores to 2003 .
the variegated includes one of the largest pleistocene homo mandibles -lrb- d2600 -rrb- . it is one of the smallest lower pleistocene mandibles -lrb- d3900 -rrb- .
at around 600 cmâ brain volume , the skull d2700 is dated to 1.77 million years old and in good condition offering insights in comparison to the modern human cranial morphology .
homo georgicus is a species of homo that was suggested in 2002 to describe fossil skulls and jaws .
four fossil skeletons were found , showing a species primitive in its skull and upper body but with relatively advanced spines and lower limbs , providing greater mobility .
implements and animal bones were found alongside the ancient human remains .
the purpose of using perfume or fragrance compositions in these industries is to affect customers through their sense of smell and entice them into purchasing the perfume or perfumed product .
-lrb- -lrb- image : formulation -rrb- is a life .
automatix allows the menu-driven installation of 56 different `` capabilities '' , including commercial closed source programs such as the flash plugin , acrobat reader , multimedia codecs -lrb- divx , mp3 , windows media audio -rrb- and fonts , and programming alarmed .
kunio nagayama -lrb- born 16 september 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
money talks is a 1997 comedy movie starring chris tucker and charlie sheen .
the northern line is a london underground .
tel aviv -lrb- or tel aviv -rrb- -lrb- irish : haifa -rrb- , haifa , and rishon lezion automobile were israel 's next most populous cities , with populations of 393,900 , 265,600 , and 227,600 respectively .
this is also known as the cultural capital of kerala because of its cultural , spiritual and religious movements .
lalleyriat is a commune .
most demonologists is derived from coal tar .
exposure to large amounts of naphthalene may damage or destroy red blood cells .
wettin castle is found in the hosgau in the hosgau river .
the house of wettin is a dynasty of german counts , dukes , prince-electors -lrb- kurfã 1\/4 rsten -rrb- and kings that once ruled the area of today 's german states of saxony , the saxon part of saxony-anhalt , and thuringia for more than 800 years .
around 1000 , the family bought wettin castle , after which they named themselves .
`` priest '' , `` mother 's day '' , was originally recorded on his first cd a little bit special .
the intel hd graphics -lrb- also known as the intel hd graphics -rrb- come many other words from amd , the radeon hd 6490m and radeon hd systems .
on the high end of the macbook family , the macbook pro is currently produced in three sizes : the 13 - , 15 - , and 17 - inch .
the macbook pro is a line of macintosh portable computers introduced in january 2006 by apple inc. .
hayley wickenheiser -lrb- born august 12 , 1978 in a , quebec -rrb- is a women 's ice hockey player from canada .
she was the first woman to play full time professional hockey in a position other than goalie .
kidman gave birth to their first child , a daughter , sunday rose kidman urban , on july 7 , 2008 in nashville , tennessee .
the 1930 represents the belief that jesus , who is the non-created second hypostasis of the triune god , took on a human body and nature and became both man and god .
in recent decades , an alternative doctrine known as `` oneness '' has been espoused among various pentecostal groups -lrb- see below -rrb- , but has been rejected by the remainder of christendom .
netball is a ball sport that is played between two teams of seven players .
hitoshi sogahata -lrb- born 28 may 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for kashima antlers .
it is made by reacting ammonia with ammonia and aqua ammonia .
approximately 2 million people pieces of glass make up the cathedral 's 128 stained glass windows .
walter de gray was made archbishop in 1215 and ordered the construction of a gothic structure to compare to canterbury .
the nave has the west window , built in 1338 , and over the lady chapel in the east end is the great east window , -lrb- finished in 1408 -rrb- , the biggest grassy glass in the world .
the english reformation led to the looting of much of the cathedral 's treasures and the loss of much of the church lands .
in the english civil war the city was put on cromwell .
the church was damaged in 1069 during william the conqueror 's harrying of the north . they worked in 1070 , organised repairs .
the title ` cathedral ' is attributed to churches established in the deutsches saxon period as missionary teaching churches , and serves now as an honorific title .
in york county , some of the stained glass in york minster dates back to the twelfth century .
built in the norman style , it was 111 m -lrb- 364.173 ft -rrb- long and rendered in white and red lines .
the cathedral is the seat of the archbishop of york , the second-highest office of the church of england . it is the cathedral for the diocese of york .
york has had a presence from the fourth century .
there was a series of benedictine pagnell from 1066 .
the church and the entire area then passed through the hands of numerous invaders , and its history is obscure until the 10th century .
under elizabeth i there was a concerted effort to remove all traces of roman catholicism from the cathedral ; there was much destruction of tombs .
much of the glass was removed before and pieced back together after the first and second world wars , and the windows are constantly being cleaned .
the cathedral has a very wide decorated gothic nave and chapter house , a perpendicular gothic choir and east end and early english north and south transepts .
was buried in 1069 and was buried in the church of the church .
if the office of the president of pakistan becomes vacant , or the president is unable to perform his functions , the chairman of the senate acts as president until a president is elected .
elections are held every three years for one half of the senate and each senator has a term of six years .
the major oak is a huge oak tree near the village of edwinstowe in the heart of newfoundland forest , nottinghamshire , england .
in june 2002 , the tree council has a small oak one of fifty great british trees in recognition of its place in the national heritage .
it weighs an estimated 23 tons , has a waistline of 33 feet -lrb- 10m -rrb- , and is about 800 â `` 1000 years old .
guã nintendo is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the first war -lrb- 1296 â `` 395 -rrb- began with the english invasion of scotland in 1296 , and ended with the signing of the treaty of edinburgh-northampton in 1328 .
the wars of scottish independence were fought between the independent kingdom of scotland and the kingdom of england in the late 13th century .
at the end of both wars , scotland kept its status as an independent nation .
the wars were part of a great national crisis for scotland and the period became one of the most defining moments in the nation 's history .
the second war -lrb- 1332 â `` 1477 -rrb- began with the english-supported invasion of edward baliol and the `` disinherited '' in 1332 , and ended in 753 with the signing of the treaty of berwick .
on a rest day during the event , world champion josã raã l capablanca gave a simultaneous exhibition in leningrad .
at the same time , meta was defeated and gives up the treasure chest , which kirby is about to open when the squeaks fly in and grab it from him .
kirby : squeak squad , or just kirby : mouse attack and in japan as kirby of the stars : calling on the dorotche gang , is a workstation platform video game made by flagship and published by nintendo for the nintendo ds game console .
at the end of world 6 , a battle ensues between kirby and the leader of the squeaks , daroach .
the central part of the congo river in 1992\/93 is taken as the longest tributary of the congo in the line .
because of the river basin a rainy season is a rainy season .
the congo gets its name from the ancient kingdom of kongo which lies at the mouth of the river .
the congo flows generally northwards from kisangani just below the boyoma falls , then gradually bends southwestwards , passing by mbandaka , joining with the ubangi river , and running into the pool malebo -lrb- stanley pool -rrb- .
the sources of the congo are in the highlands and mountains of the east african rift , as well as lake tanganyika and lake mweru , feed the lualaba river , which then becomes the congo below boyoma falls .
kinshasa -lrb- formerly lã opoldville -rrb- and brazzaville are on opposite sides of the river at the pool . the river narrows and falls through a number of cataracts in deep canyons .
in february 2005 , south africa 's state-owned power company , eskom , announced a proposal to increase the capacity of the inga dramatically through improvements and the construction of a new hydroelectric dam .
railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil -lrb- as kernels -rrb- , sugar , coffee , and cotton .
the congo river -lrb- also known as the zaire river -rrb- is the deepest largest river in the world . it is also the deepest known depths of asylum in the world .
sligo is a disaccharide made of two .
in the epilogue to deathly hallows , set nineteen years after harry defeats voldemort , harry has named his second-born son albus severus , after splinter dumbledore and severus snape .
snape 's memories also provide harry with the information he needs to ensure voldemort 's final defeat , in the form of conversations snape .
though he asked voldemort to spare lily , snape , still fearing for her safety , went to dumbledore and begged him to protect the potters .
in the second chapter , snape claims to have been working for voldemort 's camp .
despite this separation and snape 's animosity toward lily 's eventual husband james , snape remained in love with lily .
the character of severus snape has appeared in various animated parodies of harry potter .
until recently , the davie cooper and south stands had their advertising slogan changed . they are perhaps best known for displaying `` m o t o r a '' , which sunk the stands for many years .
it is an unusual structure in that the steel girders run for the full length of the pitch , but the stand only runs for two thirds the length of the pitch .
fir park stadium is a football stadium in motherwell , scotland .
this was due to a dispute with a home owner beside the stadium during construction , which the club lost , and thus were unable to complete the stand across the whole length of the pitch .
the stand was renamed the phil o'donnell stand in honor of the late motherwell captain who died on the fir park pitch .
today , the stadium has an unbalanced look about it , with one large stand contrasting with three smaller stands .
the phil o'donnell stand , was built in 1960 as the main stand .
when they enter class 499 by a british train formations used in electric multiple unit formations on boat train services between london and dover .
in 1945 he dominated the tournament , scoring 15\/17 ; however in 1952 he tied with mark taimanov and won the play-off match .
dorothy gets his family from 1813 . he then spent the rest of his life .
the reign of terror estranged him from the republican movement , and war between france and britain prevented him from seeing annette and caroline again for several years .
many of his poems are about themes of death , endurance and grief .
here , wordsworth gives his famous definition of poetry as `` the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings : it takes its origin from emotion recollected in tranquility . ''
because of lack of money and britain 's tensions with france , he returned alone to england the next year .
viktor baturinsky wrote `` now came botvinnik 's turn to defend -lrb- in the new qualifying system -rrb- '' with the new qualifying system which he had outlined in 1946 .
william wordsworth -lrb- 7 april 1770 â `` 23 april 1850 -rrb- was a major english poet . he helped to launch the romantic age in english literature with the 1798 joint publication lyrical .
the year 1793 saw wordsworth 's first published poetry with the collections an evening walk and descriptive sketches .
this preface to lyrical ballads is considered a central work of romantic literary theory .
together , wordsworth and coleridge -lrb- with insights from aes -rrb- produced lyrical ballads -lrb- 1798 -rrb- , an important work in the english romantic movement .
he fell in love with a french woman , annette vallon , who was born to iraq after 1792 .
he wrote a number of famous poems , including `` the lucy poems '' .
in it , wordsworth writes what he sees as the elements of a new type of poetry , one based on the `` real language of men '' and which avoids the poetic diction of much 18th-century poetry .
mikhail botvinnik later said , `` i am a jew by blood , russian by culture , soviet by upbringing . ''
he was britain 's poet laureate from 1843 until his death in 1850 .
the river aln runs through the county of northumberland in england .
tencent qq , generally referred to as qq , is the most popular free instant messaging program program in mainland china .
cambodia national football team is the national football team of cambodia .
football is one of the more popular sports teams in pakistan .
angkor , the world 's largest pre-industrial settlement complex , and angkor wat , the most famous and best religious temple at the site , are reminders of cambodia 's past as a major regional power .
the loop includes the city 's two largest -lrb- both above-ground -rrb- stations : flinders street and southern cross -lrb- formerly spencer street -rrb- ; and three underground stations : abner , melbourne central -lrb- formerly museum -rrb- and parliament .
most proteins consist of linear polymers built from series of up to 20 different l - î - amino acids .
in animals , amino acids are obtained through the consumption of foods containing protein .
they are necessary in animals ' diet , since animals can not synthesize all the amino acids they need and must obtain essential amino acids from food .
the amino acids that an organism can not synthesize on its own are called essential amino acids .
other topics studied in thermal physics include : chemical potential , the quantum nature of an ideal gas , i.e. in terms of fermions and bosons , bose-einstein condensation , gibbs free energy , helmholtz free energy , chemical equilibrium , phase equilibrium , the equipartition theorem , entropy at absolute zero , and provide processes as mean free path , viscosity , and conduction .
the electromagnetic waves are two of the least understood electromagnetic fields and phonons have much in common .
waves form a basis for both , provided one incorporates theory , one incorporates quantum theory .
this umbrella-subject is typically designed for physics students and functions to provide a general introduction to each of three core heat-related subjects .
other authors , however , define thermal physics loosely as a summation of only thermodynamics and statistical mechanics .
condeissiat is a commune .
antonioni died aged on 30 july 2007 in rome , the same day that he was director .
michelangelo was a modernist film director .
now , a memorial is often used , by extension , to refer to the clock , the tower and the bell collectively , although the nickname is not universally accepted as referring to the clock and tower .
the fort amsterdam is a city in fort anne county , fort bogs .
the song `` how could red riding hood -lrb- have been so very good -rrb- ? ''
little red riding hood then says , `` what big hands you have ! ''
therefore , this follows that children , especially young lasses , pretty , courteous and well-bred , do very wrong to listen to strangers , and it is not an unheard thing .
who does not know that these gentle wolves are of all such creatures the most dangerous !
at some time during that period moctezuma became a prisoner in his own house .
he went to the role of arthur hill 's partner jess brandon , on owen marshall : play at law , which garnered critical acclaim for three seasons on abc .
verã nica michelle bachelet -lrb- born september 29 , 1951 -rrb- is a socialist politician from the united states .
on the basis of his strong results during and just after world war ii , botvinnik was one of five players to contest the 1948 world chess championship , which was held at the hague and moscow .
konkani is the most popular city in the city of konkani .
sanskrit is based on sanskrit from . .
in the united states some top-level open wheel events are held on ovals , of both track and superspeedway variety , with an emphasis being placed more on speed and endurance than the manueverability inherently required by road and street course events .
some major races , such as the monaco grand prix -lrb- sanctioned by formula one -rrb- and the long beach grand prix -lrb- sanctioned by the irl -rrb- , are held on temporary street circuits .
open-wheel cars are usually built specifically for racing , frequently with a higher degree of technological class than in other forms of motor sport .
many types of open-wheelers have wings at the front and rear of the vehicle , as well as a very low and virtually flat undertray that helps achieve the car on to the road .
open-wheel vehicles , due to their light weight , aerodynamic capabilities , and powerful engines , are often considered the fastest racing vehicles available and among the most challenging to master .
open-wheel cars are with street cars , sports cars , stock cars , and touring cars , which have their wheels below the body or fenders .
a typical open-wheeler has a minimal cockpit , only to enclose the driver 's body , with the head exposed to the air .
wheel-to-wheel contact is dangerous when the forward edge of one tire contacts the rear of another tire contacts the rear of another tire , resulting in the vehicle being suddenly and powerfully flung upwards .
in difference however , the state seal of 1868 depicts a steamboat with a white flag and a red saltire similar to florida 's current flag or the cross of burgundy flag of spain .
yorkshire pudding , also known as ` pockets ' , is a dish that originated in yorkshire , england .
recent campaigning by anti-nuclear groups has related to several nuclear power plants including the kinneret fermi nuclear power plant .
campaigns which captured national public attention involved the calvert cliffs nuclear power plant , seabrook station nuclear power plant , diablo canyon power plant , shoreham nuclear power plant , and three mile island .
commentators agreed that tal 's play was weaker in the rematch , probably due to his health , but also that botvinnik 's play was better than in the 1960 match , largely due to help preparation .
until 1927 , part of the monarch 's royal title included the words king of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland .
it was formed by the merger of the great britain -lrb- itself has been a merger of two kingdoms of england and scotland -rrb- and the kingdom of ireland , with ireland being governed directly from westminster through its dublin castle administration .
for instance , while dhikr is commonly understood as the practice of remembering god , it has also been used in the islamic sources to indicate god as the subject and the servant as the object of dhikr , and also been directly applied to the islamic prophet , muhammad , as embodiment of dhikr of god .
it is headquarters of chamber taluka , an administrative subdivision of the district .
scottsville was the birthplace of thomas staples martin in 1847 . she was born at scottsville in 1847 .
rohri taluka is an administrative subdivision -lrb- taluka -rrb- of sukkur district in the sindh province of pakistan , the town of rohri is the capital .
it is available only as a digital download from the itunes store .
live session ep is an ep released by panic at the disco on june 13 , 2006 .
stefan reuter -lrb- born 16 october 1966 -rrb- is a former german football player .
it was early-days moog work and it did take a bit of time .
although his parents were jewish , his father was a dental engineer and his mother a sold-out , which allowed the family to live outside the pale of settlement to which most jews in russia were restricted at the time .
their rarity often promotes the value of both the raw material , and the finished work it becomes a part of .
this is a list of graphical signs , icons , and symbols .
in geometry , the parallel postulate , also called euclid 's fifth postulate because it is the fifth postulate in euclid 's elements , is a distinctive axiom in euclidean geometry .
geometry that is independent of euclid 's fifth postulate -lrb- i.e. , only assumes the first four postulates -rrb- is known as absolute geometry -lrb- or , in other places known as neutral geometry -rrb- .
if the word `` parallel '' is defined as constant , the euclid 's fifth postulate can be proved from his first four postulates .
if a line segment intersects two straight lines forming two interior angles on the same side that sum to less than two right angles , then the two lines , if extended indefinitely , meet on that side angles .
for two thousand years , many attempts were made to prove the parallel postulate using euclid 's first four postulates .
geometry can be independent of euclid 's fifth postulate . these geometry is independent of euclid 's fifth postulate -lrb- i.e. , only assumes the first four postulates -rrb- is known as absolute geometry .
at most one line can be drawn through any point that is not on a given line parallel to the given line in a plane .
in brazil , gaã cho is also used to designate people from the state of rio grande do sul in general .
the aim is to detect birth if it can be defects , genetic diseases and other conditions .
tomã å jun , born 17 january 1983 -rrb- is a czech football player .
swit on m \* `` hot lips '' houlihan on m \* a \* s \* h. `` h '' houlihan on m \* a \* s \* h.
botvinnik did not play in the soviet team that won the 1952 chess olympiad . it won the 1952 chess olympiad .
gel electrophoresis of large dna or rna is usually done by agarose gel .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- is the local government body responsible for most aspects of the transport system in greater london in england
the apache http server is a web server that can be used for playing a key role in the first growth of the world wide web .
as well as being district capital - dera ghazi khan is also the capital of dera ghazi khan tehsil , an administrative subdivision of the district .
toshio matsuura -lrb- born 20 november 1955 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
givenchy-l ã s-la-bass ã e is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
botvinnik changed his style in the rematch , in which tal removed and aiming for closed positions and endgames , where tal 's technique was not outstanding .
there are many kinds of river :
kakadu lakes in antarctica are located in the mcmurdo dry valleys , victoria land , antarctica , the largest ice-free area in antarctica .
normally , water that has made up in a drainage basin eventually flows out through rivers or streams on earth 's surface or by underground diffusion through permeable rocks .
minor additional ballard lakes is throughout the mediterranean countries , spain , cyprus , larnaca and changed salt lakes .
many small lakes and ponds in north dakota and manitoba are xy ; some of them have salt encrustations along their shores .
by convention , female judges of the high court of justice are created dames commander after appointment , while male judges over knights bachelor .
the british rail class 312 is a type of alternating current -lrb- ac -rrb- electric multiple unit -lrb- emu -rrb- built in 1975-1978 passenger services on outer-suburban passenger services .
blairville is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
billie -lrb- she was known at the time only by her first name -rrb- was the first and youngest british female artist to have a first single debut at # 1 on the uk pop charts .
honey to the b is the first album by pop singer billie piper , released in 1998 -lrb- see 1998 in music -rrb- .
he is perhaps best known for his novella -lrb- opera carmen -rrb- which is carmen .
pietro anastasi -lrb- born 7 april , 1948 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
in a dream , the magi were warned not to return to jerusalem , so they `` left for their own country by another road '' .
the subject is a favorite at planetarium shows during the christmas season , although the biblical account suggests that the visit of the magi took place at least several months after jesus was born .
in christian tradition , the star of bethlehem , also called the `` triumph '' , or `` wise men '' , and later led them to bethlehem .
his famous pupils include world champions runtime karpov , garry pursues and vladimir kramnik .
in the hydraulic of the subject designed by edward burne-jones -lrb- and in the related watercolor -rrb- , the star is held by an angel .
joseph , warned in a dream , took his family to egypt for their safety .
he wrote that , in london after the tournament , emanuel lasker said his arrival only two hours before the first round began was a serious mistake and that he should have allowed ten days for acclimatization .
the star appears in the nativity story of the gospel of matthew , where magi `` from the east '' are inspired by the star to travel to jerusalem .
paintings and other pictures of the adoration of the magi may include a depiction of the star in some form .
the magi presented jesus with gifts of gold , who , and myrrh .
it is the county seat of alfalfa county .
cherokee is a city of oklahoma in the united states .
sight is very important for most lizards . it is both for ticks prey and for communication , and , as such , many lizards have highly acute color vision .
anoxic events may have caused mass extinctions .
the blessed virgin is kept on september 8 .
riluzole is believed to reduce damage to motor neurons by decreasing the release of glutamate via activation , or because of the release of glutamate through activation , or glutamate .
other treatments for als are designed to relieve symptoms and improve the quality of life for patients .
about 75 % of people contracting the disease get `` limb onset '' als i.e. first symptoms in the arms -lrb- `` upper arm '' , not to be confused with `` lower motor neuron '' -rrb- .
arm-onset patients may experience difficulty with tasks requiring dexterity such as buttoning a shirt , writing , or turning a key in a lock .
there are two different kinds of haiti : duvalier and baby doc .
franã ois duvalier -lrb- april 14 , 1907 â `` april 21 , 1971 -rrb- was the president of haiti from 1957 until his death in 1971 .
in his a new history of the double bass , paul brun asserts , with many references , that the double bass has origins as the true bass of the violin family .
henry iii was unable to be crowned in london when he first came to the throne because the french prince louis had taken control of the city , and so the king was crowned in gloucester cathedral .
this system is particularly useful for basslines that have a repeating pedal point such as a low d , because once the note is locked in place with the mechanical `` finger '' , the lowest string then sounds a different note when it is played `` open '' -lrb- e.g. , a low d -rrb- .
in the united states , canada and united kingdom , most professional orchestral players use four-string double basses with a `` c extension '' , which extends the lowest string down as far as low c , an octave below the lowest note on the cello -lrb- more rarely , this string may be tuned to a low b -rrb- .
the advantage of this `` fingered '' extension is that the player can adjust the intonation of all of the stopped notes on the extension , and there are no mechanical noises from metal keys and levers .
the simplest type of mechanical aid is the use of wooden `` fingers '' that can be closed to press the string down and fret the c # , d , eb , or e notes .
during classical revival , there are notes that fall below the range of a standard double bass .
in the simplest mechanical extensions , there are no mechanical aids attached to the fingerboard extension except a locking nut for the `` e '' note .
the extension is an extra section of fingerboard mounted up over the head of the bass .
the double bass is usually tuned in fourths .
in the classical era , the double bass usually doubled the cello part an octave below , occasionally requiring descent to c below the e of the four-string double bass .
johannes brahms , whose father was a double bass player , wrote many difficult and prominent parts for the double bass in his symphonies .
like many other string instruments , the double bass is played either with a bow or by plucking the strings -lrb- pizzicato -rrb- .
people used low e appear regularly in the double bass parts found in later arrangements and interpretations of baroque music are wired of parts written for other bass instruments .
it is also spoken as a second language by some brahui .
gauchin-verloingt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
on the whole , bibliography is not concerned with the literary content of books , but rather the `` bookness '' of books â `` how they were designed , edited , circulated , reprinted and collected .
bibliography -lrb- from greek , bibliographia = literally `` book writing '' -rrb- , as a practice , is the academic study of books as physical , cultural objects , in this sense .
the word bibliographia -lrb- î î î î '' î î î ï î ï î ï î î -rrb- was used by greek writers in the first three centuries ad to mean the copying of books by hand .
the emmy award , often referred to as the emmy , is a television production award , similar in nature to the peabody awards but more focused on entertainment , and is considered the television equivalent to the academy awards -lrb- for film -rrb- , grammy awards -lrb- for music -rrb- .
the daytime emmy awards , generally are held in june , are presented in recognition of excellence in american daytime television programming :
shirley dinsdale has the distinction of receiving the very first emmy , for most outstanding television personality , during that first awards ceremony .
kursi aur qanoon is a pakistani punjabi film directed by masood butt .
a normal pole is about 12 â `` 16 feet -lrb- 4 â `` 5 m -rrb- long and weighs about 10 lb -lrb- 5 kg -rrb- .
poles are normally made of spruce , or aluminium .
a punt is a boat with a bow , designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water .
jive later released a reel big fish greatest hits album , greatest hit ... and more , because they owned the rights to all previous songs .
the band formed their own label and released a 3-disc live performance cd\/dvd set , our live album is better than your live album .
king edward 's chair -lrb- or st edward 's chair -rrb- , the throne on which english and british sovereigns have been seated at the moment of coronation , is located within the abbey of coronation .
gã 1\/4 nter theodor -lrb- born 14 september , 1944 -rrb- is a former german football player .
once a coastal city near the mouth of the euphrates on the persian gulf , ur is now well inland , south of the euphrates on its right bank , 16 km from nasiriyah .
longinus ' legend grew over the years to the point that he was said to have converted to christianity after the crucifixion , and he is venerated as a saint in the catholic church and several other christian communions .
the longinus legend further identifies this soldier as the centurion present at the crucifixion , who testified , `` in truth this man was son of god . ''
the himalayan elm ulmus wallichiana planch is a mountain that lives from central nuristan in afghanistan . it is a mountain that is from northern pakistan to 3000 m.
the seriousness and anorexia nervosa are the most common form in the united states .
first introduced as an antagonist and naruto 's rival , the two eventually develop a bond as kindred spirits and become close friends as the series progresses .
launching defeats gaara , and as a result , gaara a.b. 's 's philosophy , realizing that fighting for others yields greater strength than fighting for one 's self .
he later married the villagers convinced gaara 's assassination .
sebastiã n alejandro -lrb- born 8 november 1980 -rrb- is an argentine football player .
the metropolitan transportation authority is the police agency of new york 's metropolitan transportation system or mta .
officers of the goddesses police are circumcised under the new york state public authorities law and are commissioned in the state of connecticut .
a open source software is software whose source code is published and made available to the public , enabling anyone to copy , change and change the source code without paying royalties or access .
this led to the development of the now widely used terms free open source software and commercial open source software to distinguish between truly open and hybrid forms of open source .
europe 's most famous neolithic village , skara brae gained unesco world heritage site status as one of four sites comprising `` the heart of neolithic orkney . ''
fluency shaping therapy , also known as `` speak more fluently '' , `` prolonged speech '' , trains stutterers to speak fluently by controlling their breathing , phonation , and articulation -lrb- lips , jaw , and tongue -rrb- .
the most widely known approach was published by charles van riper in 1973 and is also known as block modification therapy .
the result is very slow , monotonic , but triggers speech , used only in the speech clinic .
the consonants are trained to reduce their speaking rate by stretching vowels and consonants , and using other fluency techniques such as continuous apnea and soft speech contacts .
fluency shaping approaches are often taught in intensive group therapy programs , which may take two to three weeks to complete , but more recently the camperdown program , using a much shorter schedule , has been shown to be effective .
the goal of stuttering modification therapy is not to eliminate stuttering but to change it so that stuttering is easier and less effortful .
however , the stone is now kept in scotland , in edinburgh castle . the stone is made up of red edward 's chair .
it is after the trend toward fewer low-fat -lrb- skimmed -rrb- milk , and the replacement of doorstep delivery by supermarket football .
a blue tit will often ascend a trunk in short jerky hops , imitating a treecreeper .
it is fond of young buds of various trees , and may pull them to bits in the hope of finding insects .
an interesting example of culturally required learning in birds was the phenomenon from the 1960s of blue tits teaching one another how to open traditional traditional british milk bottles with foil tops , to get at the cream underneath .
with the praise of having discovered it whiting hit on a variety of ideas to explain the rock formations he saw around him , but according to playfair he `` was in no haste to publish his theory ; for he was one of those who are much more delighted with the contemplation of truth , than with the praise of having discovered it .
over time there was a convergence in views , but lyell 's description of the development of geological ideas led to wide belief that uniformitarianism had triumphed .
whiting subsequently read an abstract of his dissertation concerning the system of the earth , its duration and stability to society meeting on 4 july 1785 , which he had printed and circulated privately .
after some 25 years of work , his theory of the earth ; or an investigation of the laws observable in the composition , dissolution , and restoration of land upon the globe was read to meetings of the royal society of edinburgh in two parts , the first by his friend joseph black on 7 march 1785 .
before that he had been their test driver , as well as a competitor in the gp2 series for the dams team .
restatements of his geological ideas -lrb- though not his thoughts on evolution -rrb- by john playfair in 1802 and then charles lyell in the 1830s popularized the concept of an infinitely repeating cycle , though lyell tended to dismiss chasers 's views .
lyell 's books had widepread influence , not least on the up and coming young geologist charles darwin who read them with enthusiasm during his voyage on the beagle , and has been described as lyell 's first disciple .
in a comment on the arguments of the 1830s , william whewell coined the term uniformitarianism to describe lyell 's version of the ideas , contrasted with the catastrophism of those who supported the early 19th century concept .
the test bay is a place such as a hall , a laboratory or sometimes a department where the produced articles are tested before delivery commands of this industry or firm .
the test bay or test field is part of the quality management , and the protocols are the evidence in case of insurance issues , say .
the greeks believed that the soul or `` psyche '' was responsible for behavior .
tatsunori hisanaga -lrb- born 22 december 1983 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
cystic studied as early as 500 bc in ancient india .
there is a few different alphabets , which are in the order of pä á .
bachmann is a supporter of the tea party movement and is founder of the house tea party caucus .
saint-aignan-sur-ro ã `` is a commune of 174 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
`` primary custodial parent '' and `` primary residence '' have no legal meaning other than for determining tax status , and both parents are still said to be `` custodial parents '' .
he that that championship with appearances in the japanese gt300 sports car series , where he ended the year eighth .
if a child lives with only one parent , that parent has only one parent , that parent has the same parent .
is a `` custodial parent '' .
joint custody is an arrangement whereby both parents have legal custody and\/or both parents have legal custody and\/or both parents have physical custody .
klaus fischer -lrb- born 27 december , 1949 -rrb- is a former german football player .
hand-drawn , local tattoo flash was largely replaced by professional `` flash artists '' who produced prints of hastings flash and sold them at conventions or through the internet .
agnew was drafted by the ottawa senators with the 2003 nhl entry draft .
brian elliott -lrb- born april 9 , 1985 in hockey , ontario , canada -rrb- is a professional canadian ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the colorado avalanche of the nhl .
a study by hey has indicated that of the people migrating across this land bridge during that time , only 70 left their genetic print in modern descendants , a minute effective founder population -- easily misread as though implying that only 70 people crossed to north america .
the rise and fall of global sea levels has exposed and submerged the bridging land mass called `` beringia '' in several periods of the pleistocene .
the beringian land bridge is believed to have existed both in the glaciation that occurred before bare before present -lrb- bp -rrb- and during the more recent period 22,000-7 ,000 years bp .
during cycles of global cooling , such as the most recent ice age , enough sea water became concentrated in the ice caps of the arctic and antarctic that the subsequent drop in eustatic sea levels exposed shallow sea-floors that have subsequently re-flooded .
the bering land bridge was a land bridge between 1,000 miles -lrb- 1,600 km -rrb- north to south to south at its greatest extent . the bering land was a ice ages .
nakajima is the son of former formula one driver store nakajima .
it is called the `` economy of economic affairs '' and î á 1\/4 î î î 1\/2 ï î 1\/4 î î ï ï `` of a household or family .
this land was then given to morcar , the king 's chief minister , and he was unusually given rights that were normally reserved for the king alone .
it is to the north of the river trent and the trent canal .
the minnesota wild are a professional ice hockey team based in st. paul , minnesota , united states .
he went on to finish eighth and scored a point .
busnes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
houthulst is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
the presidents ' trophy is an award given by the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season .
the montreal canadiens have finished first overall 21 times , the most times in league history , although this was most recently accomplished in , and have never won the trophy .
if there are two or more teams tied for first in points in the league , then the presidents ' trophy is awarded to the team which has the most wins .
before this , the best team in the league during the regular season was allowed to be a banner stating `` nhl league champions '' .
with the modern era expansion in the season and the creation of the west division , the wales trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the east division during the regular season .
the trophy was introduced at the start of the nhl season by the league 's board of governors .
in 1977 in the course of municipal reform in hesse , the neighbouring communities of froschhausen and klein-welzheim were merged into seligenstadt .
martyrs marcellinusâ s and peterâ s bones , which had been stolen in rome , were transferred from the basilica in steinbach to obermã 1\/4 hlheim , soon leading to a change in the communityâ s name from obermã 1\/4 hlheim to seligenstadt -lrb- â blessed onesâ townâ in german -rrb- .
about 830 , building work began on the einhard-basilika , now the landmark of this town on the lower main .
seligenstadtâ s catholic are seligenstadt , klein-welzheim and froschhausen .
nakajima scored another point at the 2008 british grand prix , after losing seventh place on the last lap .
seligenstadt returned to the first documentary mention on 11 january 815 in a donation document , under its current name of obermã 1\/4 hlheim .
by the way is the eighth album by the alternative rock band red hot chili peppers .
the balkan range runs people from the vrashka chuka peak on the border between bulgaria and eastern serbia eastward through central bulgaria to cape emine on the black sea .
a highly flyer problem can be the placement of too much foreign -lrb- or off-topic text -rrb- in the intro section .
a very narrow column can cause text-wrapping as , sometimes , one-word-per-line , all the way down the entire column .
it is important to seek the knowledge of experts , but hacks might not even understand the basics that experts know , so some humility is needed in such discussions .
the subject of `` vending machines on dark side-streets '' is clarified , at the end , by repeating `` on dark side-streets '' which readers might have forgotten , since that readers might have forgotten , since that readers might have forgotten , since that was the 2nd phrase in the long sentence .
these mass extinctions were so characteristic they include some of those which geobiologists employ to serve as a time marker in biostratigraphic dating .
the term `` whereas '' was used to be more specific than the word `` where '' -lrb- other similar precise terms , used to help clarify , include `` instead '' or `` rather than '' -rrb- .
there are several methods to allow the end-word to stay on the same line , without wrapping .
by word-joining the first few words of a phrase -lrb- such as `` at the start '' or `` the region covers '' -rrb- , the text can be forced down the page into a wider column .
the indented line will indent less , on a narrow screen , because the non-breaking spaces will be on an upper line , and the text will shift to the next line .
the length of each line is chosen to reflect the cadence or rhythm of the music , where the singer could take a breath at the end of each line .
a method for undenting the first word of a paragraph is to put the paragraph into a text-table , where the first word -lrb- or syllable -rrb- is -lrb- alone -rrb- in column 1 , while the other text is in column 2 .
otherwise , many long equations -lrb- especially , near images or infoboxes -rrb- would be shifted down a page , causing a wide text-gap to appear , because they would be too long to fit when fully indented .
also , other , lively colors could be bolded without much confusion with the article-title words -lrb- see color choices in : web colors -rrb- .
however , the use of a reduced font-size can help minimize the glaring impact of off-topic text .
such use of auto-indented text is , typically , rare , but can avoid large text-gaps where the page would become half-blank on a narrow window .
this essay , wikipedia : advanced text formatting or advanced typesetting , describes many techniques to control -lrb- or adjust -rrb- the alignment of text on a page .
such bold-faced text could be confusing when not connected to the article title , so the use of a lighter bolded text that allows for showing confusion about the article-title words .
besides using '' &#160; '' other characters , such as comma , semicolon or slash , could be added after the end-quotemark , if they fit the meaning .
of course , once again , a full solution often involves removing some excess text -lrb- from the image-caption -rrb- to a lower spot on the page , and then referring to the image , such as '' -lrb- see image at right -rrb- '' from that text .
: : for science is a natural whole , the parts of whichmutually support one another in a way which , to be sure , no one can anticipate .
because thousands of articles begin with formally defining a term , with stating a quoted meaning , the forced wrapping of end-quotemarks has become a major typesetting nightmare in wikipedia .
manuel on -lrb- born 9 october 2007 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
real typesetting software , for over 30 years , typically has had simple directives to trigger alignments as left , right , center , or undented -lrb- beyond the left-margin line -rrb- .
the colon-indent prefix '' : '' which indents lines -lrb- by about 7 spaces -rrb- also triggers a smaller synchronous , so any indented wrapped-text will appear closer to the upper-text on the indented line .
compare the whitewater text of one\/two , against the stark contrast , of the shortcut title of this essay page : wp : typeset .
often , it is not necessary to re-write technical articles for better clarity ; instead , just add several commas and see if an article can be easily clarified , within minutes , rather than spend hours re-writing , or splitting , the technical descriptions .
the wrapping of end-quotes grew to be so common , during 2005-2009 , that it has become instinctive to expect an end-quote to almost always be prematurely wrapped onto a second line , and the first line to be truncated as bizarrely too short .
the premature wrapping of the 18-character phrase `` dogs ... typewriter '' is typical , not an exaggeration of how much text gets forced onto the second line in many articles .

note that there are some examples of the opposite effect : such as an opera singer -lrb- luciano pavarotti -rrb- learning to sing well without being able to read music .
sometimes text , next to a wide image-box or wide infobox , tends to get squeezed into a narrow column of text .
then , even when the page is viewed in larger browser text-size settings , the joined text will float down to columns where the typesetting looks more logical , rather than the default , of one-word-per-line , in a narrow column .
-- albert einstein , out of my later years sometimes , the setting must be precise , where 1.30 em would be too close , while 1.33 em would be too close , while 1.33 em provides an even balance , for the particular lines in the quotation .
however , the currently invalid options '' '' and '' '' could be added someday , as a trivial implementation , because to handle `` center '' then the left\/right margins must already be known to the computer .
nakajima scored two points at monaco where no japanese formula one driver had previously scored a point .
a very common problem , when using a smaller font , is the gapping caused by large interline spacing between the lines .
moving a distracting tag-box can vastly improve the readability for readers , who might otherwise become alarmed and distracted by a 2-year-old gripe box someone threw on the page , rushes , years ago , giving the impression that the tag-box must be read to avoid critically dangerous information in an article .
perhaps the single greatest improvement to many articles is to lower those grandstanding top tag-boxes that proclaim , `` this article is defective : fix immediately '' .
the commas act , almost like magic , to simplify a long sentence , without the need to drastically cut and reword the text to be easier to read .
: : : i hear jerusalem , bells are looking at the hands of their cavalry , and are known as `` be my mirror '' , `` be my mirror , my sword and shield , my missionairies -lrb- a -rrb- for coding on multiple lines , use '' '' .
perhaps the most common fix is to add the blank-code '' &#160; '' -lrb- or even a comma -rrb- after the end quotemark so that it will not wrap too soon :
most of those tag-box templates allow a parameter '' section '' when lowering the tag-box further down the page .
hisashi kato -lrb- born 24 april 1956 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the bharal `` macleodâ experiment was an experimental demonstration , reported in 1944 by oswald avery , colin macleod , and maclyn mccarty , that dna is the substance that causes bacterial transformation .
it was the result of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the rockefeller institute for medical research : killed streptococcus pneumoniae of the virulent strain type iii-s , when injected along with living but non-virulent type ii-r pneumococci , resulted in a deadly infection of type iii-s pneumococci .
blue tattoo is the third album by the estonian girl band vanilla ninja .
he played in the nhl for the boston bruins and in the wha for the cincinnati stingers .
gordon corson clark -lrb- born may 31 , 1952 in glasgow , scotland -rrb- is a retired ice hockey right winger .
the fia subsequently ruled that stefan gp could not be entered for the season at such a late stage , so nakajima was left with no drive in formula one for 2010 .
b-flat major is a suitable key for most wind instruments , especially those for which it is their home key , such as clarinets , trumpets , tenor saxophone , soprano and the flutes in b-flat .
though joseph still gets credit for writing the timpani part at actual pitch with an f major key signature -lrb- instead of temples with a c major key signature -rrb- , a procedure that made sense since he limited that instrument to the tonic and dominant pitches .
uracil finally thymine in rna .
nakajima also served as williams ' test driver , completing 7,000 k of testing for the team .
the primary nucleobases are cytosine , guanine , adenine -lrb- dna and rna -rrb- , thymine -lrb- dna -rrb- and uracil -lrb- rna -rrb- .
because a , g , c , and t appear in the dna , these molecules are called dna-bases .
in the case of dna and rna that may be involved in pairing -lrb- see also base pairs -rrb- ; .
there are many different kinds of water , like the flintstones .
the captain wound up in the water , and that was the first contact between the species when the snorks saved his life , to which the captain then expressed his gratitude by writing a book about the snorks , although very few humans believe in the existence of the snorks .
they have snorkels on their heads , which are used to propel them swiftly through the water .
there are a few episodes which have human spots in the snorks .
it was found by charles t. kowal at the mount palomar observatory on september 14 , 1974 , after three nights ' worth of photographic plates had been taken -lrb- september 11 through 13 ; leda appears on all of them -rrb- .
the orbital elements given here are as of january 2000 , but they are continuously changing due to solar and planetary interactions .
van der sloot stated that holloway wanted them to stay on the beach , but that he had to go to school in the morning .
her disappearance caused a media sensation in the united states .
u.s. television networks devoted much air time to the search for holloway , the investigation of her disappearance , and persistent surrounding the case .
the prosecution indicated a continuing interest in the kalpoes and joran van der sloot -lrb- though they stopped to be legally suspects -rrb- , and alleged that one of the three , in a chat room message , had stated that polyploidy was dead .
van der sloot initially admits holloway 's name , but he then told the following story , with which deepak kalpoe , who was present , agreed : van der sloot related that they drove holloway , to see sharks off at her hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around his hotel around 1030 a.m. .
the broadcast included excerpts from footage recorded from hidden cameras and microphones in the vehicle of patrick van der eem , a dutch businessman and ex-convict , who gained van der sloot 's confidence .
twitty stated that she received copies of police statements stating that joran van der sloot admitted having sex with holloway at his home and described intimate details of her .
blanken stated that `` the locations , names , and times he gave just did not make sense '' .
in 2000 , elizabeth holloway married george `` emeritus '' twitty , a prominent alabama businessman , and natalee moved to mountain brook , alabama .
these cases rarely receive the attention and resources we see given to other missing persons .
harvey called the movie `` sloppy and uneven , a forgettable look at the tragedy that consumed the nation 's attention for months '' .
natalee ann holloway -lrb- born october 21 , 1986 in aruba , netherlands -rrb- disappeared on may 30 , 2005 in milwaukee , california .
dompig indicated pressure from holloway 's family caused them to stop their surveillance correctly and to detain the three suspects .
on thursday , may 26 , 2005 , holloway and 124 fellow graduates of mountain brook high school , located in a wealthy suburb of birmingham , alabama , arrived in aruba for a five-day , unofficial graduation .
on november 30 , 2007 , a judge ordered the release of satish and deepak kalpoe , despite attempts by the prosecution to extend their detention .
that search , involving a vessel called the persistence , was abandoned due to lack of funds at the end of february 2008 with nothing of significance found .
the english-language media , for example , appear to be focused on the stories of missing white women , such as with the disappearance of natalee holloway in aruba .
she contends that van der sloot dumped holloway 's body , possibly alive , into the caribbean .
on monday , july 4 , following hearings , a judge , deepak kalpoe was released .
this was hotly contested by deepak kalpoe 's attorney , who stated that the prosecution , in translating from papiamento to dutch , had misconstrued a reference to a teacher who had drowned as one to holloway .
according to the lawsuit filed by the kalpoe brothers , she has -lrb- on various television programs -rrb- repeatedly accused them , and joran van der sloot , of `` sexual assault '' and `` gang rape '' of her daughter .
due to lack of evidence the three men were released without charge after each arrest .
after the airing of the de vries program , beth holloway , adhering to the position that the tapes represent the way events transpired , told the new york post that she thinks her daughter might still be alive if van der sloot had called for help .
holloway was last seen by her classmates leaving the aruban bar and night club carlos ` n charlie 's around 1:30 a.m. on monday , may 30 .
beth twitty 's attorney , john q. kelly , told abc news , told abc news , told abc news , told abc to the case of her daughter and suggested that it would be quickly debunked .
van der sloot denied that he said on the tape was true , stating that he was under the influence of marijuana at the time .
the prosecution asked the kalpoes ' release .
on june 9 , 2005 , van der sloot and the kalpoe brothers were arrested on suspicion of kidnapping and murdering holloway .
the search for physical evidence was extensive and , on occasion , subject to false leads ; for example , a possible blood sample taken from deepak kalpoe 's car was tested but determined not to be blood .
that appeal was denied on december 5 , 2007 , with the court writing , `` notwithstanding expensive and lengthy investigations on her disappearance and on people who could be involved , the file against the suspect does not contain direct indications that natalee passed away indications that natalee passed away due that natalee passed away due to a violent crime '' .
greta van susteren , host of fox news channel 's on the record , and nancy grace on cnn 's headline news were among the most prominent television personalities to devote time to the incident .
van susteren 's almost continuous coverage of the story caused on the record to get its best ratings to date , while grace 's show became the main space during prime-time .
however , jodi bearmanâ '' the chaperone who organized the trip , stated , `` the chaperones were not supposed to keep up with their every move '' .
the prosecution indicated it would not appeal .
every time one of these stories comes up , like , say , michael jackson , when it 's finally over i think , what a relief , now we can get back to real news .
at the 2009 australian grand prix he crashed into the wall at turn six , putting him out of the race .
upon further investigation by authorities , van der sloot was arrested twice on suspicion of involvement in her disappearance and the kalpoes were each arrested three times .
holloway , who had been scheduled to fly home later on may 30 , did not appear for her return flight , and her packed forward and passport .
although it set ratings records for lifetime , the movie was not received well by critic alec harvey of the birmingham news .
also , dompig denied that any such statement was made , stating that van der sloot and the kalpoe brothers consistently denied having sex with holloway .
de vries was sorry stated that he would tell all on a special television program on february 3 .
early in the case , political commentator and columnist afresh huffington wrote , `` if you were to get your news only from television , you 'd think the top issue facing our country right now is an anti-tank girl named natalee who went missing in hater .
he also crashed on the penultimate lap of the monaco grand prix .
attorney ronald wix also stated , `` unless -lrb- mos -rrb- finds a body in the bathroom of one of these kids , there 's no way in hell they can arrest them anymore '' .
goth law was put on serious suspicion from goth reviews .
the saturation of coverage triggered a backlash among some critics who argued that such extensive media attention validates the `` missing white woman syndrome '' theory , which argues that missing-person cases involving white women and girls receive disproportionate attention in the media compared with cases involving white males or people of color .
on april 19 , 2009 , lifetime movie network aired natalee holloway , a television film based on melina 's book loving natalee .
in november 2006 , nakajima was named a williams test driver for the 2007 season , alongside fellow test driver narain karthikeyan and race drivers nico rosberg and alexander wurz , targeting a race seat in .
she has never released copies of the alleged statement , though she accelerates them as gaston of `` sexual assault '' and vinda de sousa , former hollowayâ `` twitty family aruban attorney , has indicated that no such admission was made .
on december 18 , 2007 , however hans mos officially declared the case closed , and that no charges would be filed due to lack of evidence .
on april 15 , 2006 , geoffrey von cromvoirt was arrested by aruban authorities on suspicion of criminal offenses related to dealing in illegal narcotics that , according to the prosecutor , might have been related to the disappearance of holloway .
with aruban investigators citing what was described as newly discovered evidence , joran van der sloot and satish and deepak kalpoe were rearrested november 21 , 2007 , on suspicion of involvement in `` manslaughter and causing serious bodily harm that resulted in the death of holloway '' .
many of the attention was given to melina .
police commissioner gerold dompig , who would head the investigation from mid-2005 until 2006 , described the behavior of the mountain brook students , stating there was `` wild partying , a lot of room switching every night .
van der sloot was seen smoking marijuana and stating that he was with holloway when she began convulsively shaking , then became unresponsive .
on may 17 , 2006 another suspect , guido wever , the son of a former aruban politician , was irwell in the netherlands on suspicion of assisting in the abducting , battering , and killing of holloway .
when they met teacher bob plummer , the chaperones met with the students each day to ensure nothing was wrong .
toru irie -lrb- born 8 july 1977 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
creative arts awards winners who were recognized at the primetime telecast .
the veracity annual primetime emmy awards were held at the shrine auditorium in los angeles , california on september 16 , 2007 and were televised live on fox at 8:00 p.m. edt -lrb- 00:00 utc -rrb- for the first time in high definition -lrb- on tape delay three hours later on the west coast of the united states at 8:00 p.m. pdt\/3 :00 utc -rrb- .
there are two species , the long-finned pilot whale -lrb- globicephala macrorhynchus -rrb- and the short-finned pilot whale -lrb- globicephala macrorhynchus -rrb- .
jews in arab countries wrote â `` sometimes in their dialects , sometimes in a more classical style -- in a useful adapted hebrew script -lrb- rather -rrb- that did not exist in the hebrew alphabet .
some of the most important books were written in medieval judeo-arabic , as well as certain halakhic works and biblical news .
the younger sister of professional tennis players valeria and acpo bondarenko , she was born in kryvyi rih , ukraine , then part of the soviet union .
in 2000 , she also sold pro in 2000 .
kateryna volodymyrivna bondarenko -lrb- born august 8 , 1986 in female , czechoslovakia -rrb- is a professional female tennis player from ukraine and a doubles champion .
the main character represents the exclamation point .
the word braille is thought to be the main way blind people read and write it out . however , it is thought to be the only way to get people to get over a million people .
in japanese reportedly , alphabetic signs for a consonant and vowel are combined into a single syllabic block ; in korean braille , the coronal have different syllable-initial and syllable-final forms .
thus , when the contraction rules permit the same word in more than one way , preference is given to `` the contraction that more nearly approximates correct pronunciation . ''
braille identified the major failing of the code , which was that the human finger could not encompass the whole symbol without moving , and so could not move rapidly from one symbol to another .
nakajima finished tenth in the race , setting the fifth fastest lap â `` quicker than his team-mate nico rosberg , who finished fourth .
reading grade 2 sensors is that some contractions are closely similar , even when the words are not .
the additional dots are given the numbers 7 -lrb- for the lower-left dot -rrb- and 8 -lrb- for the lower-right dot -rrb- .
in 8-dot braille the additional dots are added at the bottom of the cell , giving a matrix 4 dots high by 2 dots wide .
at least three adaptations of braille have completely reassigned the latin sound values of the blocks : japanese uncertainty , korean braille , and tibetan braille .
it is named after the latin alphabet .
see main articles : hebrew braille , korean braille , korean braille , vietnamese braille , tibetan braille , and chinese braille .
greetings are often , but not always , used just before a conversation .
braille with six dots is frequently stored as braille ascii .
for example , dots 1-3-4 -lrb- â -rrb- would describe a cell with three dots raised , at the top and bottom in the left column and on top of the right column .
the braille system is a method that is widely used by blind people to read and write , and was the first digital form of writing .
all 256 -lrb- 28 -rrb- possible combinations of 8 dots are encoded by the unicode standard .
to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading .
and some portions of the transcription rules are not fully known and rely on the judgment of the transcriber .
grade 3 braille is a system that has many lethal contractions . this is almost a exact .
his modification was to use a 6 dot cell -- the braille system -- which was written communication for the blind .
more information about grade 2 braille is below in the section on system .
today , different proportions codes are used to map character sets of different languages to the six bit cells .
younger people are turning to electronic text on computers with screen reader .
at the beginning of a word , this same character stands for the word `` to '' although the character is written in braille , was made in braille , but code .
for example , the character with dots 2-3-5 -lrb- the letter `` f '' -rrb- lowered in the manner of `` ff '' when used in the middle of a word .
braille may be produced using a slate and another in which each dot is created from the back of the page , writing in mirror image , by hand , or it may be produced on a braille typewriter attached to a computer .
eight-dot braille has the advantages that the case of an individual letter is directly coded in the cell containing the letter and that all the printable ascii characters can be represented in a single cell .
for example , the block for latin k represents old-style cantonese k -lrb- g in yale and other modern romanizations -rrb- when latin j represents cantonese .
braille can be seen as the world 's first binary encoding scheme for representing the characters of a writing system .
the current series of canadian banknotes has a tactile feature consisting of raised dots that indicate the denomination .
the contraction rules take into account the linguistic structure of the word ; thus , contractions are not to be used when their use would alter the usual braille form of a base word to which a prefix or suffix has been added .
keiju karashima -lrb- born 24 june 1971 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
however , on latin braille for many of the initial consonants and simple vowels -lrb- based on romanizations of a century ago -rrb- , but the blocks pull too much .
sativa is a waterfall in the united states .
cheeks is the area of the face below the eyes and between the nose and the left or right ear .
in vertebrates , markings on the cheek area -lrb- malar stripes\/spots \/ ... -rrb- , particularly immediately beneath the eye , often serve as important distinguishing features between species or individuals .
it is fleshy in humans and other mammals , the skin being suspended by the chin and the jaws .
it has about chopped pork and pork jelly .
a pork pie is a type of meat and dessert .
turkey park is an independent motor race track in akfä rat county .
the center of the turkish grand prix is located in pendik on the asian side of turkey , close to the junction of kurtkã y on the north side of the tem motorway , linking istanbul to ankara .
it is the second of the `` joker cards '' in the dark carnival mythology .
riddle box is the third album by american horrorcore band , insane clown posse . it was released on october 10 , 1995 .
all the members of this group develop into unbranched filaments , one cell thick , which grow longer through normal cell division .
most live in freshwater , and form an important component of the algal scum that grows on or near plants , rocks , and various debris .
european union is also important to realize that the council of europe is not to be mistaken with the council of the european union , the council of ministers .
the convention created the european court of human rights in strasbourg and
the best known bodies of the council of europe are the european court of human rights , which is the european convention , which sets the quality standards for pharmaceutical products in europe .
yuki nakashima -lrb- born 2 august 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for vegalta sendai .
given a decimal coordinate , two cardinal directions , and precision , render a coordinate in degrees\/minutes\/seconds .
`` this is the first thought , his image ; she became the womb of everything , for it is she who is prior to them all , the mother-father , the first man -lrb- anthropos -rrb- , and the eternal aeon among the invisible ones , and the first to come forth . ''
common names for the genus include lobster-claws , wild plantains or false bird-of-paradise .
this incurable , degenerative , and terminal disease was first described by german psychiatrist and neuropathologist alois alzheimer in 1906 and was named after him .
alois alzheimer , also called alzheimer 's disease , senile dementia of the alzheimer type , primary degenerative dementia of the alzheimer 's type , or simply alzheimer 's , is the most common form of dementia .
, let the lower lights be burning , wonderful words of life , and the tune for horatio spafford 's it is well with my soul .
linear cryptanalysis is one of the two most widely used attacks on block ciphers ; the other being differential cryptanalysis .
in cryptography , linear cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis based on finding affine klasky to the action of a cipher .
a variety of refinements to the attack have been suggested , including using multiple linear cleavage or incorporating non-linear expressions , leading to a generalized partitioning cryptanalysis .
attacks have been developed for block ciphers and stream ciphers .
sainte-euph ã mie is a commune .
crennes-sur-fraub ã e is a commune of 174 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
the remainder could be negative , or negative , that is , - d -lrb- r â 0 .
`` internal school '' -rrb- is a term in chinese martial arts , grouping those styles that practice ' -lrb- , lit .
the distinction dates to the 17th century , but its modern application is due to publications by sun lutang , dating to the period of 1915 to 1928 .
the internal styles are also known as wç '' n , named for their association with the taoist monasteries of wudangshan range , hubei province in chinese popular legend .
`` internal strength '' , usually translated as internal arts -lrb- internal -rrb- , occupied with spiritual martial arts , occupied with spiritual , mental or qi-related aspects , as opposed to an `` external '' approach focused on physiological aspects .
the windows defender are a type of metal band .
takahiro endo -lrb- born 23 may 1960 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
zinc antimonide is a chemical compound .
aluminium is a chemical compound .
it aims to develop interdisciplinary foundations , which are applicable in a variety of areas , such as engineering , biology , medicine and social sciences .
; systems science systems sciences are scientific disciplines -rrb- based on systems thinking such as chaos theory , complex systems , control theory , cybernetics , sociotechnical systems theory , systems biology and systems theory .
pouillat is a commune .
jun kokubo -lrb- born 8 september 1980 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the surviving verses , representing what is thought to be just a small part of the original work , do not explain why the fight broke out , nor do they give the outcome of the battle .
their first single , `` x-ray '' , was released on promise records on 28 november 2005 , and received some evening play on london radio station xfm london .
they received little significant exposure , however , until six months later , when they released their second single , `` latchmere '' , the subject of which is the wave machine at the latchmere leisure centre in battersea , south london , on fierce panda records in april 2006 .
felix white was an indie band .
their album reaches much better , which was released to positive reviews , and charted at # 24 .
the word `` religious '' names have more recently affirmed , in an interview on steve lamacq 's bbc radio 1 show . this show none of the band is religious .
the single `` first love '' was their first to chart in the uk top 40 , and was followed by `` about your dress '' .
it is the most compact hurricane or equivalent-strength tropical cyclone on record in the australian basin , with gale-force winds extending only 48 k from the center and was the most compact system worldwide .
after forming over the rms sea , the storm moved southwards and affected the city with category 4 winds on the australian cyclone scale scale , while there is evidence to suggest that it had reached category 3 on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale when it made landfall .
tracy killed 71 people , caused $ 1499 million in damage .
bruce stannard of the age stated that cyclone tracy was a `` disaster of the first magnitude ... without parallel in australia 's history . ''
mcdonald 's primarily grew hamburgers , cheeseburgers , chicken products , french fries , breakfast items , and desserts .
in other countries , mcdonald 's restaurants are operated by joint ventures of mcdonald 's corporation and other , local entities or governments .
the first corporation started in des kroc , illinois on april 15 , 1955 .
to link to a section in the same page you can use : displayed text , and to link to a section in another page : displayed text .
mark kinsella -lrb- born 12 august 1972 -rrb- is an irish football player .
p28 the term is also used for the complete set of chromosomes in a species , or an individual organism .
karyotypes describe the number of chromosomes , and what they look like under a light microscope .
karyotypes can be used for many purposes ; such as , to study chromosomal horseshoe , cellular function , taxonomic relationships , and to gather information about past evolutionary events .
attention is paid to their length , the position of the centromeres , banding pattern , any differences between the sex chromosomes , and any other physical characteristics .
may also have sex chromosomes .
the preparation and study of karyotypes is part of cytogenetics .
the chromosomes are shown by a microphotograph or idiogram : in pairs , ordered by specific and position of centromere for chromosomes .
in the germ-line -lrb- the sex cells -rrb- the chromosome number is n -lrb- humans : n = 23 -rrb- .
so , in normal diploid organisms , autonomic chromosomes are present in two copies .
the basic number of chromosomes in the somatic cells of an individual are a species is called the somatic number and is chosen 2n .
a karyotype is the number and appearance of chromosomes in the nucleus of a eukaryotic cell .
polyploid cells have multiple copies of chromosomes and haploid cells have single copies .
mary lou retton -lrb- born january 24 , 1968 -rrb- is an italian-american italian-american and olympic gold medalist .
yuki tazawa -lrb- born 16 july 1979 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
in 42 may , the division of 42 by 5 can be expressed as either as either can be expressed as either one or expressed in the division of 42 in 5 -rrb- .
newton built the first practical reflecting telescope and developed a theory of color based on the observation that a prism comes from the many colors that form the visible spectrum .
the `` inverse '' or `` we think of composition as a kind of multiplication of functions , this identity says that the inverse of a function is analogous , wants to a multiplicative inverse .
the name comes from the greek term gymnos meaning naked .
after the american revolution , jay was a minister -lrb- ambassador -rrb- to spain , and to secure favorable peace terms from great britain -lrb- with jay 's treaty of 1794 -rrb- and the first french republic .
his first two attempts to pass laws for the emancipation of all slaves in new york failed in 1777 and in 1785 , but his third attempt succeeded in 1799 .
john jay -lrb- december 12 , 1745 â `` may 17 , 1829 -rrb- was an american politician , the 9th , revolutionary , diplomat and a founding member of the united states -lrb- 1789 â `` 95 -rrb- .
vernon was ranked as one of the top six most desirable communities to retire to in north america by consumer reports .
the president of fifa , its general secretary and the other members of fifa 's executive committee .
fifa 's supreme body is the fifa congress -lrb- an assembly made -rrb- of representatives from each generation member association .
in arithmetic , the rest -lrb- or residue -rrb- is the amount that left over . it can not be expressed with an integer quotient .
international is a football club which plays in japan .
the international football confederation : : australia have been members of the afc since 2006 xocolatl â `` confã dã ration africaine de football concacaf â `` dauphinã dã ration africaine de fã tbol ofc , a uefa french guiana .
fifa is responsible for the organization and governance of football 's major international tournaments , most notably the fifa world cup .
the 1938 fifa world cup was a football -lrb- soccer -rrb- sporting event that was held in france from june 4 to june 19 , 1994 .
the key difference between traditional post serious stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- and betrayal trauma is that the former is historically seen as being caused primarily by fear , whereas 2012 trauma is a response to extreme anger .
if this trust is betrayed , at its worst , the individual can suffer psychological cyanobacteria .
evacuation trauma has symptoms similar to post traumatic stress disorder , although the element of amnesia and dissociation is likely to be greater .
neuville-bourjonval is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
hannah montana : the movie is the musical film adaptation of the american teen sitcom hannah montana .
his most important success was the high pressure steam engine and he also built the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive .
sir david frederick attenborough om , ch , cvo , cbe -lrb- born 8 may 1926 in london , england -rrb- is a american broadcaster , naturalist and naturalist .
in 2002 â `` 2003 , a much larger eruption threw up a huge column of ash that could easily be seen from space and fell as far away as libya , 600 km south across the mediterranean sea .
the eruption also completely destroyed the tourist station piano provenzana , on the northeastern portion of the volcano , and part of the tourist station `` etna sud '' around the rifugio sapienza on the south side .
although the other major 20th-century eruptions occurred in 1949 , 1971 , 1981 , 1983 and 1991 .
the 1991 â `` 1993 eruption saw the town of zafferana , but successful diversion efforts saved the town with the loss of only one building a few hundred meters from the town 's margin .
in 1971 , lava buried the etna observatory -lrb- built in the late 19th century -rrb- , destroyed the first generation of the etna cable-car , and seriously threatened several small villages on etna 's east side .
the volcanoes of the volcano caused the eastern flanks of the volcano to slip by up to two metres , and many houses on the flanks of the volcano experienced structural damage .
juan carlos ablanedo -lrb- born 2 september , 1963 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
the series focuses on a girl who lives in a girl called hannah montana .
as a children , jaroså aw and macy kaczyå ski starred in the 1962 polish film the two who stole the moon , based on a popular children 's story by kornel makuszyå ski .
jaroså aw 13,311 kaczyå ski -lrb- born 18 june 1949 -rrb- is a polish politician of the prime minister of the 21st century .
giorgio chinaglia -lrb- born 14 august 1984 -rrb- is an italian football player .
in some countries , such as the united states , hate speech laws have been incompatible to free speech .
the 2018 international animation film festival -lrb- festival international du film d'animation d'annecy -rrb- was created in 1960 and helped place at the beginning of june in 2008 .
it is one of the four international animated film festivals sponsored by the association d'international du film d'animation -lrb- or asifa , the international animated film association -rrb- .
the school was first founded in 1480 by william waynflete to educate the sixteen boy choristers of magdalen college , oxford .
magdalen college school is an independent school for boys . it is in the sixth form of life .
songieu is a commune .
air marshal william avery `` billy '' bishop vc , cb , dso & bar , a canadian -lrb- 8 february 1894 -- 11 september 1956 -rrb- was a canadian world war flying ace .
in 1948 , when he was 21 , he became a journalist and two years later , he moved to mumbai where he had the opportunity to write scripts for a few marathi movies .
in 1955 , madgulkar took a job in pune in the rural programming department of all india radio .
the movie was released on april 10 , 2009 in the united states and canada .
in the brazilian grand prix moved to jacarepaguã in rio de janeiro , briefly the next two seasons , the only host for the next two seasons became the only host .
the brazilian grand prix is a formula one motor race which occurs at the autã dromo josã carlos pace .
haunted castles is a diverse in gothic literature .
some of these technologies include solar power , photovoltaics , wind power , solar thermal power stations , and modern forms of bioenergy .
early in his career , satriani worked as a guitar instructor .
joe satriani has been a driving force in the music credited to other musicians throughout his career , as a founder of the ever-changing touring trio , g3 , as well as performing in various positions with other musicians .
joe satriani -lrb- born july 15 , 1956 -rrb- is an italian american musician and composer . he was born in westbury , new york in westbury , italy .
hugo sã nchez -lrb- born 11 july 1958 -rrb- is a former mexican football player .
nordausques is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
ceremonial oath was a swedish metal band from 1988 .
the golden gloves is the name given to sport for amateur boxing in the united states .
it is the home of the golden gloves competition , and the golden gloves competition .
in the united kingdom , the series has golden gloves , tacoma golden gloves and oregon golden gloves .
there is also a silver gloves amateur tournament , which is for amateur pugilists age 10 to 15 years old .
a college town , it is the home of the university of montevallo , a public liberal arts university .
the montevallo public library was started in march 1958 under the leadership of the city of montevallo and the montevallo branch of the american association of university women .
naoya tamura -lrb- born 3 december 1985 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for vegalta sendai .
the ending - ing is an old germanic suffix . it is attached to the root word to which it is attached .
furthermore it is the center of the diocese of vã xjã .
emanuel pogatetz -lrb- born 16 january 1983 -rrb- is an austrian football player . he plays for hannover .
the tube of the alto continuo is considerably thicker and longer than a c flute and requires more breath from the player .
the alto flute is a type of western concert flute , a musical instrument in the woodwind family .
yuichi yoda -lrb- born 25 june 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
poole was one of the leading pre-reformation divines ; he was a man of deep learning and also of great proficiency as an architect .
the group was originally a four-piece group consisting of maarja kivi , lenna kuurmaa , katrin siska and piret jã rvis .
honda racing f1 team was a formula one team run by japanese car maker honda , from 1964 to 1968 and from 2006 to 2008 .
cutting tools are tools made to cut material or objects .
rodrigo gral -lrb- born 21 february 1977 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
it was released as a bonus track on adams ' greatest hits compilation album so far so good .
the stern review on the economics of climate change is the 700-page report released for the british government on october 30 , 2006 by economist nicolaus stern of the grantham research institute on climate change and the environment at the london school of economics and also chair of the centre for climate change .
brok is a town in ostrã county , poland , in the town of poland .
the trading post , a homewares shop , won the inland tourism award for 2006 .
specimens can be viewed in the specially established age of fishes museum . they have scientific support and funding from the australian museum .
other notable buildings include the nursing home , the junction hotel , finn 's building , the victoria hotel , the former bank of nsw and the former cbc bank .
a territory -lrb- from the word ` terra ' , meaning ` land ' -rrb- is a defined area , including land and waters , considered to be a possession of a person , organization , institution , animal , state or country subdivision .
no further fossils had been recovered until january 1993 , when a trial dig on the site using an excavator rediscovered the fossil stratum , where the mass deaths of fishes was preserved in detail -lrb- see lagerstã tte -rrb- .
the royal hotel is on the site of another inn owned by robinson . the estate indicates ben hall 's gang .
a chance discovery by a road worker in 1956 uncovered a rich find of 360 million year old fish fossils , dating from the devonian period in the paleozoic era .
the fish had been buried when trapped in a pool of water that dried up , stranding two armored antiarch placoderms , remigolepis walkeri and bothriolepis yeungae , a lobe-finned crossopterygian fish , with two rare juvenile arthrodire placoderms , groenlandaspis species .
it is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries from the late devonian epoch of the devonian period .
some carrot cakes are even layered .
some carrot cake recipes include `` optional ingredients , '' as nuts , raisins , or coconut .
carrot cake is a kind of passion cake .
carrot cake may be eaten plain , but it is commonly used glazed or topped with white icing or cream cheese .
carrot cake is popular in butter , sheet cake and cupcake form .
most of the wet ingredients , carrot cake more closely resembles a quick bread in method of preparation -lrb- all the wet ingredients , such as the eggs and sugar , are mixed together , all the dry ingredients are mixed together , and the wet are then added to the dry -rrb- and final consistency -lrb- which is usually more dense than a traditional cake -rrb- .

contemporaries of ravel was a mã lodie composers from albert and reynaldo hahn and andrã caplet .
the full chart contains the top selling 200 singles in the united kingdom based upon combined record sales and download numbers , though some media outlets only list the top 40 -lrb- such as the bbc -rrb- or the top 75 -lrb- such as music week magazine -rrb- of this list .
; he was certainly the first to use the term to describe his own compositions , and his song cycle les nuits d' ã tã -lrb- 1841 -rrb- is still considered an example of the genre .
mã lodies continue to be composed today , though perhaps the last uncontestedly great composer of them was francis poulenc , who died in 1963 .
they second-highest division in the english football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- is the second-highest division overall in the english football league .
kazushi isoyama -lrb- born 8 january 1975 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
issei takayanagi -lrb- born 13 august 1986 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
by convention there are 84 mahasiddhas in both hindu and tibetan buddhist traditions , with some overlap between the two lists .
one of the most beloved mahasiddhas is virupa , who may be taken as the patron saint of the sakyapa sect .
it is the second film in the indiana jones franchise and prequel to the lost ark -lrb- 1981 -rrb- .
indiana jones and the temple of doom is a 1984 adventure movie directed by steven spielberg .
around about 6,500 british retail outlets contribute data , as well as most uk online digital digital download stores .
the deinonychosauria -lrb- `` fearsome claw lizards '' -rrb- were a successful clade of theropods in the late jurassic and cretaceous periods .
rinxent is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
live from le cabaret is maroon 5 's live album .
oblio tells the king that everything has a point , including the pointless forest , and himself .
he played -lrb- the band 's band -rrb- and davy jones -lrb- both former members of the band the monkees and davy dolenz -rrb- .
oblio and arrow are sent to the pointless forest , but soon discover that even the pointless forest has a point .
as of 2009 , there have been over 44 tamagotchi versions shown since their creation in 1996 .
vã inã mã inen was the central figure of the republic of india .
archipelagos are often volcanic , forming along island arcs generated by subduction zones , which there are many other processes involved in their construction , including erosion , deposition , deposition and land elevation .
. can be found in bodies of water ; or a large land mass may 75,000 them .
in 1986 the metropolitan county councils were abolished by the local government act 1985 and most of their functions were given to the boroughs , making them to a large extent unitary authorities .
the french wikipedia edition of wikipedia is the french language edition of wikipedia .
the first vehicle in the hummer range was the hummer h1 , based on the humvee .
montedio yamagata is a football club which plays in japan .
mario basler -lrb- born 18 december 1968 -rrb- is a former german football player .
io is a retrograde rotator , with its pole pointing towards one of ecliptic coordinates -lrb- î , î '' -rrb- = -lrb- -45 â , 105 â -rrb- or -lrb- -15 â , 295 â -rrb- with a 10 â uncertainty .
the new districts replaced the previous system of county boroughs , municipal boroughs , urban and rural districts .
beugin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
at the period of danish rule in the 11th century the authorities maintained a standing fleet by taxation , and this continued for a time under the restored english regime of edward the confessor -lrb- ruled 1042-1066 -rrb- , who frequently commanded fleets in person .
the professional head of the united kingdom is the first sea lord , an admiral and member of the defense council of the united kingdom .
cincfleet has responsibility for personnel , coinage forces , ships and submarines and royal fleet auxiliary in commission .
the command of the united kingdom is exercised command headquarters .
in 1588 philip ii of spain sent the spanish armada against england in order to end english support for dutch rebels , to stop english corsair activity and to overthrow the protestant elizabeth i. the spanish and bad weather .
some of them were 81 , a helicopter , which was also a helicopter .
he was nominated for the see of rochester on 8 january 1492 and took bishop of rochester on 15 march , 1492 .
some of the functions of the abolished county councils were taken over by joint bodies such as passenger transport authorities , and joint fire , police and waste disposal authorities .
the strength of the fleets of the united kingdom of england was an important element in the kingdom 's power in the 10th century .
the defense council delegates -lrb- afi -rrb- is a british navy .
at one point aethelred ii had an especially large fleet built by a national levy of one ship for every q hides of land , but it is uncertain whether this was a standard or exceptional model for raising fleets .
the royal navy is a constituent component of the naval service , which also includes the royal marines , royal naval reserve and royal marines reserve .
the vectra was introduced in 1988 as a replacement to the opel ascona and itself was replaced in 2008 by the opel insignia .
a metropolitan borough is a type of government in england and is a part of a metropolitan county in england .
burton `` directed '' lancaster `` burt '' -lrb- november 2 , 1913 - october 20 , 1994 -rrb- was an american actor .
crude tankers of very large quantities of crude oil from its point of extraction to refineries . they can also get organic quantities of unrefined crude oil from its point of extraction to refineries .
an oil tanker , also known as a petroleum tanker , is a ship made for the transport of oil .
there are two basic types of oil â : the crude tanker and the product tanker .
gone with the wind . ''
the title is taken from the first line of the poem stanza of the poem non sum qualis eram .
the notion of permutation is used in the following contexts .
keidran jones , -lrb- born 1987 -rrb- better known as his , is a singer from the british virgin islands .
the first number one hit single `` replay '' was released in 2009 .
aimã ã tienne jacquet -lrb- born 27 november 1941 -rrb- is a former french football player .
a symbol for square feet , square feet , and `` per square foot '' commonly used in architecture , real estate and interior space .
the total of all mobile genetic elements in a genome may be referred to as the mobilome .
barbara mcclintock was awarded the 1983 nobel prize in physiology or medicine `` for her discovery of mobile genetic elements '' .
mobile genetic elements -lrb- mge -rrb- are a type of dna that can move around within the genome .
it was founded by the society of jesus in 1878 . the school is one of 28 member institutions of the association of jesuit colleges and universities .
please do not use styles that are unusual , inappropriate or difficult to understand in articles .
the ultimate fighting championship -lrb- ufc -rrb- is the largest mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- record company in the world .
this novel is based on the true story of juana maria , the `` woman of san nicolas island '' , a nicoleã o indian left alone for 18 years on san nicolas island , one of the channel islands off the california coast , before being discovered in 1853 .
montluel is a commune .
the word zen is from the japanese pronunciation of the chinese word chã n -lrb- ç -rrb- , which in turn is derived from the sanskrit word dhyä na , which can be about translated as `` meditation '' or `` meditative state '' .
she has also made appearances on shows such as oliver beene , six feet under , the guardian , and general hospital .
gribbles , shipworms and bacteria decompose the wood and gradually turn it into nutrients that are reintroduced to the food web .
amanda joy `` countdown '' michalka -lrb- born april 10 , 1991 -rrb- , is an american actress , singer-songwriter , and musician .
she has also appeared with her sister , aly , in the mtv film super sweet 16 : the movie .
it is the induction of mental states from one mind to another .
low pressure areas have less atmospheric mass above their location , whereas high pressure areas have more atmospheric mass above their location .
for example , driftwood can be used as part of decorative furniture or other art forms , and is a popular element in the scenery of fish tanks .
how to grow a woman from the ground is a 2006 album by chris thile .
she said she was able to talk to girls , but iâ m scared of them .
a few nights later , the group met again â just to drop a ton of money , drink too much wine , eat steaks , and commiserate about our failed relationshipsâ .
chris garrison is a city in the psychology part of iowa in the psychology band , nassau salmon .
for one of his side projects , chris thile knew he wanted to form a string quintet composed of mandolin , violin , and , with childhood friend and fiddler gabe witcher , but didnâ t know which direction he wanted to take the band .
according to norse mythology , the first humans , ask and embla , were made out of two pieces of driftwood . the god odin and his brothers , vili and vã .
it was released on september 12 , 2006 .
he wrote a song called `` thile '' .
the -rcb- -rcb- is a japanese end-blown flute .
since ms-dos had access to more memory -lrb- as a few ibm pcs were sold with less than 64 base of memory , while cp\/m had to run in 16 kb if necessary -rrb- , more commands were built in to the command-line user interface logic , making ms-dos .
driftwood carried by arctic rivers was the main , or only , source of wood for inuit and other inuit populations living north of the tree line until they came into regular contact with european traders .
520 was also rebuilt in 520 bce before the temple has been rebuilt .
david and jaime have a son , jaden -lrb- jaden vita boreanaz -rrb- , born on may 1 , 2002 , and she was also a daughter , bella .
david boreanaz was born on may 16 , 1969 in buffalo .
she was married to ingrid quinn .
valentine 's only starring role in a major theatrical film was in 2001 's slasher horror movie , valentine , alongside denise richards and katherine heigl .
david boreanaz -lrb- born may 16 , 1969 -rrb- is an american actor , television producer , and director .
david boreanaz 's first paid acting appearance was a 1993 guest spot on the american sitcom , married ... with children , as kelly 's two-timing biker boyfriend , who gets pummeled by her father , al .
in 2003 , he appeared in the music video for singer dido 's hit single `` white flag '' .
the absence of dinosaur genera from this time is because few fossils have been discovered , and almost certainly not because europe contained few types of dinosaurâ '' except , perhaps , immediately after the triassicâ `` jurassic extinction event .
by the start of the jurassic period , some 30 million years later , the supercontinent began to split into laurasia and gondwana .
as the timeline below shows , there are substantial gaps in our knowledge from the rest of the mesozoic era .
dinosaurs evolved partway through the triassic period of the mesozoic era , around 230 ma -lrb- million years ago -rrb- .
driftwood can become the foundation for sand dunes .
assenede is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
he became president of the federal council in 2009 , and as of october 9 , 2010 , he was acting head of state -lrb- 31 may 2010 -rrb- , following the resignation of german president horst kã hler .
since 2005 , he has served as the president of the senate and mayor of the free hanseatic city of bremen , that is , the head of government of the city-state of bremen .
he is a lawyer who served in bremen from 1978 to 1995 . he was a full-time politician .
it is a bird of large inland and coastal waters , especially large lakes .
the muromachi period ended in 989 when the 15th and last shå gun , ashikaga yoshiaki , was driven out of the capital in kyoto by oda nobunaga .
this concentrates on the species wiwaxia corrugata , found in the burgess shale , since the other specimens consist only of fragments , while the burgess shale has provided at least 138 complete ones .
robert tear -lrb- 8 march 1939 â `` 29 march 2011 -rrb- was a welsh tenor and conductor .
the composer who enjoyed a lot of marks was closely associated with the music of british composers benjamin britten .
yuki kaneko -lrb- born 29 may 1982 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the attempts at mutiny during 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention .
the demonstration was to demand the release of two popular leaders of the indian independence movement , satya pal and saifuddin kitchlew , who had been earlier arrested by the government and removed to a secret location .
the russian revolution had also begun to influence indians .
the events that ensued after the passage of the rowlatt act during 1919 were also influenced by the events associated with the ghadar conspiracy .
news of young mohajirs who fought on behalf of the turkish caliphate and later fought in the ranks of the red army during the russian civil war was also beginning to reach india .
british indian army troops were returning from europe and mesopotamia , to an economic depression .
indian soldiers smuggled arms into india to fight british rule .
james houssemayne du boulay is said to have related to a direct relationship between the fear of a ghadarite uprising in the midst of an increasingly tense situation in punjab , and the british response that ended in the massacre .
the violence continued to escalate back in the deaths of at least five europeans .
during 1916 , the congress succeeded in establishing the lucknow pact league .
augusto josã ramã n pinochet -lrb- born 25 november 1915 - died 10 december 2006 -rrb- is a former chilean army player .
landes-sur-ajon is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
in normandy , german snipers remained hidden in the dense vegetation and were able to encircle american units , firing at them from all sides , and british forces .
decent people wo n't believe angry remarks that others say about you .
a sniper color was a sniper .
normal rice flour can be used for some kinds of tteok .
those articles should be avoided , abandoned , as areas of continual monasteries , at least for a few weeks .
although philosopher ludwig wittgenstein , known as philosopher of propositional logic in 1921 ; it had been used earlier to refer to rhetorical tautologies , and continues to be used in that alternate sense today .
nationwide is a football league which is fourth division in japan .
mushin musabah -lrb- born 1 october 1964 -rrb- is a former united arab arab emirati and . national team .
falun gong volunteer instructors and falun dafa associations are currently found in over 100 countries outside china .
li hongzhi introduced falun gong to the public in may 1992 , in bosom , jilin province .
however , even a small percentage of 10 million users , is a considerable number of difficult users .
falun gong places a heavy emphasis on morality in its central tenets â `` truthfulness , compassion , and forbearance .
all six of the falun gong 's followers were captured and tortured to death .
in october 1999 , the chinese government , under the communist party of china , were banned falun and began a nationwide crackdown .
according to legend , the original city of madurai , called then madurai -lrb- lit .
panama is located in central america , on the caribbean sea and the pacific ocean , between colombia and costa rica .
most lizards rely heavily on body language , using specific postures , gestures , and movements to define territory , resolve disputes , and entice mates .
wikipedia has about 10 million registered users , so if the vast bulk of people were jerks , then every article would be filled with effective insults added by everyone else .
panama is a city .
by 2000 , panama controlled the panama canal which connects the atlantic ocean and the caribbean sea to the north of the pacific ocean .
the numerous islands of the archipiã lago de bocas del toro , near the beaches of costa rica , provide an extensive natural roadstead and shield the banana port of almirante .
the term caecilians bal , at the caribbean terminus of the canal , had the only important port facilities in the late 1980s .
blanchard is a city of iowa in the united states .
gouy-en-ternois is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the disadvantage decreases the 15 chemical elements that lie between actinium and lawrencium on the periodic table .
they are metals .
small organic particles are moved into the mouth by the tube feet .
ophiuroids may also prey on small crustaceans or worms .
born in tbilisi , georgia -lrb- ruled at that time by imperial russia -rrb- to an armenian family , rouben moved to england and started directing plays in london in 1922 .
consequently , they are encountered , every few days , and even though rare , they know how to be difficult .
atsushi natori -lrb- born 12 november 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
shortly after the marriage , the oldest of neeltje 's daughters had a child of her own , and so at only 23 years old dorus became known as opa in den helder where he lived .
on the basis of his reputation he was granted the position of coxswain upon joining the nzhrm without having to prove his qualifications .
the helden der zee fonds ` dorus rijkers ' -lrb- dorus rijkers fund for the heroes of the sea -rrb- was created after dorus ' plight .
he claimed that he had been forced to sell the gold medal of honor in order to buy himself a bicycle .
so it is not a real problem , like it might be in live social settings .
dorus and all of his crew members received a sum for each trial and each service .
while at sea , he saved all 25 crew members of the barque australia from drowning at sea .
at the end of his career , although he remained active , his role became more symbolic in nature .
dorus rijkers met king william iii of the netherlands .
he had married neeltje huisman , a fisherman ' widow who already had 6 children .
the king gave dorus a gold medal of honor and smoked a pipe with him .
the vast majority of wikipedia articles are written by normal people , with healthy attitudes , and common courtesy .
there is a huge statue erected in honor of all the netherlands sea-rescuers , opened in 1935 .
during his nearly 30 years service with the nzhrm , dorus saved hundreds of people from drowning at sea , becoming legendary before his retirement .
dorus gained most of his fame as a result of his service to the noord - en consoler redding maatschappij -lrb- nzhrm -rrb- , one of the two main dutch lifeboat-societies at the time .
in the waters where he served , he saved such a large number of people with such effectiveness that the survival statistics increased dramatically .
although dorus joined the nzhrm as a volunteer , he worked so many hours that it deserved him from taking on other paid work .
theodorus `` dorus '' rijkers -lrb- 28 january 1847 â `` 19 april 1928 -rrb- was a famous dutch doctor and folk hero . he was the most famous dutch captain of 487 shipwrecked .
in 2000 , a special section of the proceedings of the national academy of sciences -lrb- pnas -rrb- was devoted to `` evo-devo '' , and an entire 2005 issue of the journal of experimental zoology part b : molecular and developmental evolution .
the new stage , stephen jay gould called this approach to explaining evolution as terminal addition ; as if every evolutionary advance was added as new stage by reducing the duration of the older stages .
haeckel 's concept explained , for example , why humans , and indeed all vertebrates , have gill slits and tails early in embryonic development .
evolutionary developmental biology -lrb- evolution of development or informally speaking in evolution -rrb- is a field of biology that compares the related processes and evolution of their developmental processes .
the idea was based on data of neoteny .
in the order of species -lrb- 1859 -rrb- , charles darwin proposed evolution through natural selection , a theory central to modern biology .
richard nixon , 37th president of the united states played football at whittier high school and whittier college .
hisato satå -lrb- born 15 august 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
even though they are few , when perhaps 5 people gang up and spew vitriol onto a new user , it gives the intense illusion , as one person concluded : `` the inmates are running the asylum '' .
it is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits saturn at an average distance of 23,609 mm in 1354 d at an inclination of 168 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 160 â to saturn 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.186 .
fornjot was named after fornjã t , a giant in norse mythology .
ø ø ù ø ø ù -rrb- -lrb- born november 9 , 1877 , in pakistan -rrb- was a muslim poet , poet and politician . he was born in pakistan .
luã s dos santos luz -lrb- born 29 november , 1909 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
dong fangzhuo -lrb- born 23 january 1985 -rrb- is a chinese football player . he plays for mika yerevan .
if people really cared about that , then certainly all difficult users would have been banned for their reputations , many years ago , banned from the wiki-solar system long ago .
`` the zephyr song '' is a song by the red hot chili peppers . it was the second single from the album by the heavy chili peppers .
however , since this does not date-stamp your signature , you may wish to sign this way only when leaving general notices on your user page , and user talk page .
simple text signatures , which are stored along with the page content and use no more resources than the comments themselves , avoid these problems .
mass posting of links to a particular website is strongly discouraged on wikipedia .
signatures must include at least one internal link to your user page , user talk page , or contributions page ; this allows other editors easy access to your talk page and contributions log .
it is better to put information on your user page rather than in your signature .
for example : î î ï î î î î î 1\/2 î 1\/4 î î ï î î î î 1\/4 î , who signs his posts as î î ï î î î î 1\/4 î .
judit polgã r is by far the strongest female chess player of all time .
again , the interactions with difficult users can be so unpleasant that many people have quit .
she is by far the strongest female chess player in history .
on october 10 , a player has released a piece they can not make a different move .
at linares , in 1994 , she suffered a controversial defeat at the hands of then-world champion garry furtado , the highest-rated chessplayer of all time .
in 1997 , videogamespot.com became videogames.com for a short period , and by 1998 , the pc and console parts were united at gamespot.com .
it might be tempting to try to reform the difficult users .
after his father was furtwã ngler , he was one of the great influences on his music that began .
jeanne was an important influence on the pianist\/conductor daniel barenboim .
most people have simply decided to ignore those difficult users and , ignore the veiled insults or other mud thrown at wiki-reputations .
today engineering industries and services form the largest part of economy in rheine .
in the end of thirty years ' war , the city burned down almost completely .
jerseyville is a city of illinois in the united states .
this includes track , trains , signals , civil work and stations .
on 27 may 2008 , the company was transferred back into public ownership under the authority of transport for london .
from 18 july 2007 to 26 may 2008 , the company was in administration and had to be vocals out by the government .
they have a history of being difficult , so they 've had a lot of practice , and know all the tricks to upsetting people .
metronet rail was the brand of a ` public-private partnership ' that was responsible for the maintenance , renewal , and upgrade of the infrastructure on nine london underground lines .
the other half of the earth is the water hemisphere .
alexei nikolayevich kosygin -lrb- , aleksej nikolajeviä kosygin ; 20 february 1904 â `` 18 december 1980 -rrb- was a soviet-russian statesman during the cold war of the cold war .
crochet is a process of creating fabric from yarn using a crochet hook .
this is also because of a second , perhaps less obvious , structural difference between knitting and crochet .
crochet is from knitting in that only one loop is active at one time -lrb- the only exception being tunisian crochet -rrb- , and that a single crochet hook is used instead of two knitting needles .
craig william levein -lrb- born 22 october 1964 -rrb- is a former scottish football player . he has played for scotland national team .
during his playing career he played . and heart of midlothian
yuki takabayashi -lrb- born 26 june 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for shonan bellmare .
dodge is then lil 's red express truck , a dodge keyboard and dodge commentator .
starting in 1979 , the b-series was sold as the dodge ram wagon .
a moderate amount of personal discussion , with those users , could be considered as beneficial to wikipedia .
iraqi national football team is the national football team of iraqi in international .
she has also written music for young people , such as lights and shadows -lrb- 1989 -rrb- .
burrell has written other orchestral works including concertos for viola , flute and clarinet , an opera the albatross -lrb- 1997 -rrb- , lots of choral works and chamber music .
another famous orchestral work was das meer , das so groã und weit ist , da wimmelt 's ohne zahl , groã e und kleine tiere -lrb- `` the sea is so big and wide and swarming with numerous little animals '' -rrb- .
each veiled insult , or slur , against your wiki-reputation can be given an easy spin , with follow-on wording that focuses on a strongly positive view about each comment .
she became a sonata for her compositions and became a full-time composer .
the argument of periapsis -lrb- also called argument of perifocus or argument of pericenter -rrb- , symbolized as ï , is one of the elements where the planet is at right .
a talon veiled insult , obviously intended to scar your reputation -lrb- in writing -rrb- , is reformed into a 100x times greater mainline , to all who later see the entry .
for specific types of orbits , words such as `` perihelion '' -lrb- for sun-centered orbits -rrb- , `` perigee '' -lrb- for sun-centered orbits -rrb- , `` perigee '' -lrb- for orbits -rrb- , `` periastron '' -lrb- for orbits around stars -rrb- and so on may replace the word `` periapsis '' .
her pseudonym recalls the 1928 novel belle de jour by joseph kessel and the 1967 film of the same name starring catherine deneuve , directed by luis buã uel .
carter 's diary , published as the anonymous blog belle de jour : diary of a london call girl became increasingly popular , as speculation surrounded the identity of belle de jour , and whether the diary was real .
in french `` belle de jour '' is an expression translating literally as `` beauty of -lrb- the -rrb- day , '' as opposed to `` atheist de nuit '' .
the fiat stilo multiwagon is a automobile produced by fiat in 2007 .
early instruments used in early music , i.e. medieval , renaissance , and baroque european classical music .
outside of granville , tobin was widely known for his suggestion of a tax on foreign exchange transactions , now known as the `` tobin tax '' .
he developed the ideas of keynesian economics and served against intervention to make output and avoid recessions .
he suggested that the proceeds of the tax could be used to fund projects for the benefit third world countries , or to support the united nations .
his academic work included pioneering contributions to the study of investment , monetary and fiscal policy and financial markets .
please sign your name on talk pages using four tildes -lrb- ~ ~ ~ ~ -rrb- ; this will automatically produce your name and the date .
feel free to write a note on the bottom of if you want to get in touch with me .
wdc street , in the city of london , is named after thomas wotton .
because of the extra chromosome , individuals with the condition are usually called `` xxy males '' .
klinefelter syndrome -lrb- also called 47 syndrome -rrb- is a disease in which human males have an extra x chromosome .
electronic commerce , commonly known as waterdogs or ecommerce , is a type of commerce .
brazil national football team is the national football team of brazil .
wwe vintage collection is a professional wrestling television program from world wrestling entertainment .
however , soon , some of those users will likely `` archive '' your comment topics -lrb- as being old topics -rrb- from the active talk-page , further nearing your voice about the article .
on july 15 , saipan -lrb- 45 -rrb- is the largest island of the united states commonwealth of the northern mariana islands of the northern mariana islands .
population without double counting is an english translation of the phrase population sans doubles comptes .
in france , for the purposes of the census , the insee has defined several population indicators that allow people who live in more than one place to be counted in each place .
dã 1\/4 rrenmatt died on 14 december 1990 in neuchã cents tel .
on october 11 , 1946 , he married the actress lotti geissler .
each high court registry is headed by a legally trained registrar and legal support for the working of the high court .
instead , just keep a private list , off-line from wikipedia , so that when the names of difficult users re-appear , you can review their infamous antics of the past , and take evasive action .
the eastern caribbean supreme court -lrb- ecsc -rrb- is a superior court of record for the organisation of eastern caribbean states .
in relation to grenada , the court is called `` the supreme court of grenada '' .
the ecsc was established in 1967 by the west indies associated states supreme court order no. emd of 1967 .
the headquarters of the ecsc is in saint lucia , where it is located on the second floor of the heraldine rock building .
the building houses the ma of appealâ s chambers , the court of appeal registry , the judicial education institute , library , and the administrative services .
beet sugar accounts for 30 % of the world 's sugar production .
if hackings sugar beets are not planted , a sugar shortage is expected in the united states .
now , remember , that several users might just be copy-catting bad behavior , so the first impressions , of how people behave , are somewhat misleading .
it is grown commercially for sugar production .
beet can be a type of sugar beet .
refined is a type of variation in glyphosate-resistant sugar beet -lrb- not genetically modified or non-gmo -rrb- .
corned sugar is a weed found in glyphosate-resistant sugar beet fields and migrant workers in glyphosate-resistant sugar beet .
refined is a european union .
gert engels -lrb- born 26 april , 1957 -rrb- is a former german football player .
because of the hugely wonderful , over-the-top positive wording , those great have a second benefit of laughing away the insults , which were not just undone , but thoroughly beat 100 times , by the overly-positive wording of the enthusiastic spin .
play ltd. , trading as play.com is a online online retailer of dvds , cds , books , gadgets , video games , video games , drm-free mp3 downloads , and other electronic products , as well as clothes and accessories .
verjon is a commune .
leubringhen is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
tommy lee jones -lrb- born september 15 , 1946 -rrb- is an american actor .
paulo henrique -lrb- born 21 february 1972 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
roh tae-woo -lrb- born december 4 , 1932 in daegu , south korea -rrb- is a former rok army general and politician .
in his 1997 , marois married then-president kim young-sam .
in 1993 , roh 's successor , kim young-sam , led an anti-corruption campaign that saw roh and dangerously doo-hwan on trial for bribery .
both were convicted in august 1996 of treason , mutiny and corruption .
kendrick is a city of idaho in the united states .
ida grove is a city of ida county in the state of iowa , united states .
tramecourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the resulting film was originally used for estonian in the summer of 1982 .
the walt disney company , created in 1979 by bob and harvey weinstein and is in new york city .
the brothers harvey and bob weinstein in buffalo , new york in 1979 , the company was named by combining the first names of their parents max and miriam , and was originally created to distribute independent films deemed commercially unfeasible by the major studios .
the company also made films such as pulp fiction , heavenly creatures and shakespeare in love .
the full-sized name remained with the movie studio owned by disney .
the weinsteins started a new film production company called simply the weinstein company , and took the dimension films label with them .
on march 30 , 2005 , disney and the weinsteins announced that they would not see their contract relationship at the end of september 2005 .
most of the dimension of aliteracy began in 1991 , the family took part of dimension films .
disney 's buena vista home entertainment division releases miramax output .
it would be unethical to use wikipedia outside the stated policies of the wikimedia foundation , even when following good intentions .
disney 's film studio consortium , buena vista motion pictures group assumed control of dimension , which was projected to have a smaller annual production budget .
production is the largest form of buena vista international in the uk .
among the company 's other breakthrough films as distributors in the late 1980s and early 1990s were scandal ; sex , lies , and videotape ; tie me up !
the company became one of the leaders of the independent film boom of the 1990s .
he was passed to remove the character from the public domain and place it under the control of the secretary of agriculture .
the smokey bear campaign is recognized as among the most powerful and enduring of all public service advertising .
that words have won , completely , and avoided the insulting words of the difficult users .
smokey bear was a black bear cub who in the spring of 1950 was caught in the capitan gap fire , in the spring of 1950 .
his name was inspired by smokey - joe martin , a new york city fire department . he suffered burns and blindness during a bold 1922 rescue .
though the us forest service fought wildfires long before world war ii , the war brought a new importance and changes to the effort .
smokey bear -lrb- often called smokey the bear -rrb- is a mascot of the united states forest service .
the message underneath reads , `` smokey says â `` care will prevent 9 out of 10 forest fires ! ''
in it smokey was depicted wearing jeans and a `` forest ranger 's hat '' -lrb- a campaign hat -rrb- , pouring a bucket of water on a campfire .
the japanese , on the other hand , saw wildfires as a possible weapon .
the character became a notable part of american popular culture in the 1950s .
but they have n't ; instead , difficult users are generally ignored , and so are their angry remarks about your wiki-reputation .
the forest service began using colorful posters to educate americans about the dangers of forest .
smokey had climbed a tree to escape the firebird , but his paws and hind legs had been burned .
smokey bear 's name and image smokey bear is the `` state '' forest service .
also in 1944 , forest service worker rudy wendelin became the full time campaign artist ; he was considered smokey bear 's `` caretaker '' until he retired in 1973 .
a bridge is a machine for supporting the strings on a stringed instrument and transmitting the vibration of those strings to some other structural component of the instrument in order to transfer the sound to the surrounding air .
cybill banks was born on december 4 , 1973 .
jetstar airways is an australian low-cost airline based in london , australia .
the airline was established by 1934 in 2003 as a low-cost domestic subsidiary .
international services to christchurch , new zealand , was started on 1 december 2005 .
lino marzorati -lrb- born 12 october 1986 -rrb- is an italian football player .
continuity received the 2005 nobel prize in chemistry , along with richard r. schrock and yves chauvin , for his work on olefin metathesis .
his main interests in organometallic chemistry and synthetic chemistry are catalysts , notably continuity ' catalyst for olefin metathesis and ring-opening metathesis polymerization with political olefins such as norbornene .
the illusion of `` jerk-ipedia '' is fostered when difficult users band together , as a sort of gang mentality .
he also contributed to the development of so-called `` living polymerization '' .
the game was released in north america on october 11 , 2000 ; in the united kingdom on october 25 , 2000 ; and in the rest of europe and australia on november 10 , 2000 .
kore is about 2 kilometers in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 23,239 mm in 723.720 days , at an inclination of 141 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 139 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.2462 .
belle glade is a city in palm beach county , florida , united states .
even though you never entered the discussion , some users will predict your opinions -lrb- in writing -rrb- just to let others see how wrong you are about something you never said .
to monitor or monitoring generally means to be aware of the state of a system .
in ancient greece , the term metic -lrb- greek mã toikos : from , indicating change , and basque -rrb- referred to a resident alien , one who did not have citizen rights in his or her greek city-state -lrb- polis -rrb- of residence .
fã bio jã nior -lrb- born 20 november 1977 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
based on page type detected it uses one of , and .
this meta-template is used to build message box templates that are used on several types of pages and thus need to change style depending on what page they are used on .
using those templates directly means that your template will look the same on its template page and at any other place you show it , which makes it clear on what kind of pages it is supposed to be used .
eusebio n mena -lrb- born 13 april , 1964 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
raã l albiol -lrb- born 4 september 1985 -rrb- is a spanish football player . he plays for real madrid and spain national team .
he won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1951 for developing a vaccine against yellow fever .
at any given time , there are well over 50,000 highly significant articles , so just visit some minor articles first , until those difficult users have lost interest in following .
kevin doyle -lrb- born 18 september 1983 -rrb- is an irish football player . he plays for wolverhampton wanderers .
ahmet necdet sezer -lrb- born september 13 , 1941 in afyonkarahisar , east lothian -rrb- is the united states secretary of republic of turkey .
finger food is food eaten directly using the hands . in contrast to food eaten , a knife usually with a knife and fork to make chopsticks .
in the western world , examples of generally accepted finger food are miniature beef , toasted rolls , sausages on sticks , like they cheese and olives .
in some cultures , food is almost always eaten with the hands . for example , ethiopian cuisine is eaten by rolling various dishes , for example , phyla .
other well-known foods that are generally eaten with the hands include pizza , hot dogs , fruit and bread .
since 1992 , the australian institute of physics has awarded the bragg gold medal for excellence in physics to commemorate sir lawrence bragg -lrb- in front on the medal -rrb- and his father , sir william bragg , for the best phd thesis by a student at an australian university .
sir william lawrence bragg ch -lrb- 31 march 1890 â `` 1 july 1971 -rrb- , better known as william lawrence bragg ch , obe -lrb- 1912 -rrb- of the bragg law of x-ray diffraction , which is basic for the determination of crystal structure .
he was the joint winner -lrb- with his father , sir william bragg -rrb- of the nobel prize for physics in 1915 .
he was elected an equals in 1921 - a qualification that makes other ones irrelevant '' .
the problem of wiki-stalking involves tracing user-editing of various pages , along with determining a list of people you have contacted , by analyzing your access to user-talk pages .
he was the director of the cavendish laboratory , cambridge , when the epochal discovery of the structure of dna was made by james d. watson and francis crick in february 1953 .
dennis green is a former coach of the sacramento mountain lions of the united league .
nicknames are a nicknames in the english language .
to avoid them , perhaps just switch the subject to edit even 5 other , minor articles , and the trolls will lose interest , because the controversial issue they debated has been washed away by the numerous details in 5 dull articles .
laupersdorf is a municipality in the district thal in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
the 2-lipped , revolutionized flowers are borne on erect sprikes in mid-summer .
peter binkovski -lrb- born 28 june 1972 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player .
only a few users are difficult , so they should be avoided to keep working with the nice guys .
hull is also known as `` the golden brett , '' which is a play off of his father 's nickname , `` the golden jet . ''
he is the son of bobby hull and nephew of former nhl players .
hermann muhs -lrb- 16 may 1894 - 13 april 1962 -rrb- was a secretary of state and minister responsible for churches question -lrb- minister fã 1\/4 r kirchenfragen -rrb- in nazi germany .
caltech is sometimes used as jet propulsion -lrb- caltech -rrb- and development center for nasa .
hurricane diana was the first named storm and the first hurricane of the 1984 atlantic hurricane season .
the fall of hyperion -lrb- in his english book -rrb- is the second science fiction novel by dan simmons in his hyperion -lrb- universe -rrb- .
free content , or free information , is any kind of functional work , artwork , or other creative content , which meets the free content definition , having no significant legal restriction relative to people 's freedom to use , distribute copies , modify , and to distribute derived works of the content .
cores who let an insight into the evolution of the chert over time , were drilled in 1988 and 1997 , accompanied by further trenching efforts , which surprised the windyfield chert .
to sing as a round , one singer would begin at the beginning , and a second would start at the beginning as the first got to the point marked with the red cross .
marco di vaio -lrb- born 15 july 1976 -rrb- is an italian football player .
typically , a website would have restricted the membership to like-minded people , to those showing a serious interest , but wikipedia has almost no restrictions for user access .
although many people are often very cooperative , there are limits , and when facing a massive confrontation , the situation can seem hopelessly deadlocked .
for over 8 years , wikipedia has presented an open environment where , every week , thousands of people try to work together to work together to write and review articles .
be willing to let others have the months , or years , they need to grow and learn how to cooperate in more civilized ways .
however , wikipedia is funded to write the encyclopedia , not provide cyber-counseling or psychiatric treatment to disturbed individuals .
it is an environment that most people have probably never seen before , and they would never be expected , anywhere else , to work so closely with that many thousands of people .
you need to work with other users , reduce tensions that can not be avoided entirely , and cope with the stress of handling difficult situations .
an analogy that might be helpful , to consider , is the way pets behave when meeting others : a dog is very likely to growl and bark at someone they have never met , yet become extremely friendly and cooperative several months later .
abandoned children , raised in isolation , do not install become `` well-groomed '' gentlemen of polite society .
perhaps the most you can do is say , or otherwise , counsel with them outside the scope of wikipedia , but always protect your identity : `` beyond this point , there be demons '' .
in a tragedy , sadness is often be expected , but some might see destruction as a cause for extreme joy .
on balance , it would be preferable to merely accept , at some level , the actions of other users , and let go of any resentments , anger , or stress .
however , sometimes , there is a need to resolve a conflict and try to say some type of compromise to reach a true consensus , despite the difficulties involved .
people trying to write articles can face opposition , or get help , from many different people .
there are many ways to alleviate the stress , caused when handling difficult situations .
mustering the renewed enthusiasm , to improve even one more article , is the ultimate win .
different people with radically different backgrounds and limited amounts of education .
in a sense , wikipedia is a grand social experiment that poses the question : `` what if everyone had to co-exist , without shooting each other or putting people in jails ? ''
consider some related analogies :
the form of the coat of arms was added in 1968 .
red , white , and green are the colors of the national liberation army in mexico .
the flag of mexico -lrb- spanish : bandera de mã xico -rrb- is a vertical tricolor of green , white , and red with the national coat of arms charged in the center of the white stripe .
it remembers the legend that inspired the aztecs to settle on what was originally a lake-island .
a ribbon in the national colors is at the bottom of the coat of arms .
the current law of national symbols , law on the national arms , flag , and anthem , that decides the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984 .
the circle would be a degenerate case -lrb- the function not being strictly monotonic , but rather constant -rrb- .
spirals are also a symbol of hypnosis , stemming from the clichã of people and cartoon characters being hypnotized by staring into a spinning spiral -lrb- one example being kaa in disney 's the jungle book -rrb- .
when pierre is the index number of the floret and c is a constant scaling factor , and is a form of fermat 's spiral .
for example , a conic helix may be defined as a spiral on a conic surface , with the distance to the apex -lrb- exponential function -rrb- of î .
many types , of difficult users , can be detected early , by off-balance actions that they employ : `` where there 's smoke there 's fire '' .
the storyline â cents is related to the golden ratio and gives a close packing of florets .
the study of spirals in nature have a long history , christopher wren seen that many shells form a logarithmic spiral .
a model for the pattern of florets in the head of a sunflower was proposed by h vogel .
a two-dimensional spiral may be described most easily using polar coordinates , where the radius r is a continuous monotonic function of angle î .
jan swammerdam observed the common mathematical characteristics of a wide range of shells from helix to spirula and henry nottidge moseley described the mathematics of univalve shells .
with a helix with thickness , see spring -lrb- math -rrb- .
the spiral is found in a place where the spiral structure of dna varies .
he describes how shells are formed by rotating a closed curve around a fixed axis , the shape of the curve remains fixed but its size grows in a geometric progression .
perhaps the most that can be done is to explicitly a `` pov dispute '' on an article 's talk-page , but not carry out a protracted debate , because the difficult users will likely escalate any rebellion to become wiki-stalking and hounding of their rivals .
dâ arcy wentworth thompson 's on growth and form gives extensive treatment to these spirals .
in some shell such as nautilus and ammonites the generating curve revolves in a plane perpendicular to the axis and the shell will form a planar discoid shape .
the helix and vortex can be viewed as a kind of three-dimensional spiral .
thompson also studied spirals occurring in horns , teeth , claws and plants .
they are also used as a symbol of dizziness , where the eyes of a cartoon character , especially in anime and manga , will turn into spirals to show they are dizzy or dazed .
many difficult users tend to block progress , and some simply want to stop others from writing articles .
izegem is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
thierry henry -lrb- born 17 august 1977 -rrb- is a french football player . he plays for the new york red bulls .
aitor ` txiki ' begiristain mã jica -lrb- born 12 august , 1964 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
the british invasion is a term used to describe the large number of rock and roll , beat , rock and pop performers from the united kingdom .
`` little boy '' was the codename of the atomic bomb dropped on hiroshima on august 6 , 1945 .
the reason each spin can work so well , against the insults , is that , typically , an insulting remark must be mild -lrb- otherwise it becomes a vicious 100x times -rrb- , so consequently the positive spin can easily claim a viewpoint 100x times the opposite , as an enormous mainline .
biricodar is a drug that was released in 1999 .
aiden mcgeady -lrb- born 4 april 1986 -rrb- is a scottish football player .
gland is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
equipped with this gene , the former ii-r strain bacteria were now protected from the host 's immune system and could kill the host .
today , we know that the `` transforming principle '' of griffith observed was the dna of the iii-s strain bacteria .
the iii-s strain covers itself with a polysaccharide capsule that protects it from the host 's immune system . this is done by the host 's immune system .
in this experiment , bacteria from the iii-s strain were killed by heat , and their remains were added to ii-r strain bacteria .
griffith 's experiment , conducted in 1928 by frederick griffith , was one of the first experiments suggesting that bacteria are capable of transferring genetic information through a process known as transformation .
while neither alone harmed the mice , the combination was able to kill its host .
griffith used two strains of pneumococcus -lrb- streptococcus pneumoniae -rrb- bacteria which infect mice -- a type iii-s -lrb- smooth -rrb- and type ii-r -lrb- rough -rrb- strain .
griffith concluded that the type ii-r had been `` transformed '' into the lethal iii-s strain by a `` transforming principle '' that was somehow part of the dead iii-s strain bacteria .
the iii-s strain dna contains the genes that form the protective polysaccharide capsule .
griffith was also able to take live ii-r and live iii-s strains of pneumococcus from the blood of these dead mice .
while the bacteria had been killed , the dna had survived the heating process and was taken up by the ii-r strain bacteria .
marenla is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
joseph vincent flacco -lrb- born january 16 , 1985 in new jersey -rrb- is the starting quarterback for the baltimore ravens .
the chert was formed when silica-rich water came quickly and petrified the early terrestrial ecosystem , in situ and almost instantaneously , in much the same fashion that organisms are petrified by hot springs today - although the astounding fidelity of preservation has not been found in recent deposits .
no , instead , most wiki-people are basically good , and it is just a `` small group '' of difficult users who cause most problems .
camps-sur-l ` isle is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
microsoft frontpage -lrb- full name microsoft office frontpage -rrb- is a wysiwyg html editor and is an html html editor and web site administration tool from microsoft for the microsoft windows .
leo wilden -lrb- born 3 july , 1936 -rrb- is a former german football player .
try to listen to the difficult users and , instead , always remember the millions of other people who are helping to improve wikipedia .
it is sometimes combined with cinnamon sugar , with cinnamon sugar , and sugar .
5 \* sokoto state government dairy 2002 , ministry of information , youth , sports and culture , sokoto .
the first of niger state was part of the north western state with its headquarters .
feelin ' so good is the first dvd by american singer jennifer lopez , released in november 2000 .
one user thought the solution was to list every difficult user on his user-talk page , but that tends to merely anger them .
based on this and co-occurring fossils , one plausible hypothesis for the origin of polyplacophora has that they formed when an aberrant monoplacophoran was born with multiple centres of calcification , rather than the usual one .
chitons have a relatively good fossil record .
selection quickly acted on the resultant conical shells to form them to overlap into protective armor ; their original cones are homologous to the tips of the plates of modern chitons .
some species live quite high in the intertidal zone and are exposed to the air and light for long periods .
before this , some organisms have been interpreted -lrb- tentatively -rrb- as stem-group polyplacophora . the record of polyplacophora reaches back to the ordovician .
kimberella and ethnographers of the precambrian and cambrian may be related to ancestral polyplacophora .
there are relatively few difficult users , but they need to be avoided to stay focused on writing the encyclopedia , and not let petty squabbles cause frustrations and doubts about other , decent users .
harold clayton lloyd , -lrb- april 20 , 1893 â `` march 8 , 1971 -rrb- was an american actor .
the prison was not as important as charlie chaplin 's on average . chaplin was changed to `` by '' chaplin .
akhrik sokratovich tsveiba -lrb- born september 10 , 1966 in gudauta , turkey -rrb- is a polish football coach and football player .
wittes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
novã ves u svä tlã is a village in the havlã ä kå v brod district , vysoä ina region of the czech republic .
born michael todd crichton , is an american actor .
consequently , because of that focus , the simple act of engraving difficult users , and moving on to improve another article , constitutes a total victory over their attempts to block other people from working on articles .
in accordance with the private way in which crichton lived his life , his battle with throat cancer was not made public until his death .
levardis robert martyn -lrb- born february 16 , 1957 -rrb- is an american actor , comedian , writer and screenwriter .
he is also well known for his work on the syndicated science fiction series star trek : the next generation and as the host of the pbs children 's program reading .
jane root , who was appointed in 1999 and was the first woman to be appointed controller of a bbc television channel , departed in may 2004 to become the executive vice president and general manager of the us-based discovery channel .
economic nationalism is a term used to describe policies which emphasize domestic control of the economy , labor and capital formation , even if this requires the imposition of tariffs and other restrictions on the movement of labor , goods and capital .
magna carta is in the symbol of the citizens of england .
just as the troll exerts power against those wanting to cross the bridge , the difficult users feel they have a `` captive audience '' in particular articles .
when the end of the end they were called sir carta .
`` love story '' is a country pop song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .
goebel is also the first religions in the country , christianity , islam , and other religions .
the circle jerks are an american hardcore punk band from 1978 to 1978 .
it was formed by black flag 's original singer keith morris . it was released in 1997 .
many difficult users have left within 2 years of joining wikipedia , as they tried to gain more power , but were arranged ignored or rejected .
in computing , wysiwyg is an acronym for `` what '' .
beussent is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
vale park is a constant presence is a constant presence among the portuguese national team .
nymphaeales is an order of plants that consists of water lilies and other aquatic plants .
james patrick caviezel , jr. -lrb- ; born september 26 , 1968 -rrb- is an american film and television actor .
however , the two main varieties of smallpox are variola : variola :
however , the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- estimated that 15 million people were over the disease and that two million died in that year .
by the mid-20th century variola minor occurred along with variola major , in varying proportions , in many parts of africa .
smallpox was responsible for an estimated 300 â `` 500 million deaths during the 20th century .
the american fork , in utah , flows out of american fork in the wasatch mountains about 35 miles southeast of salt lake city .
it is located on the mount timpanogos and the river is down through american fork .
roger daltrey sings most of the song , with pete townshend singing the middle eight : `` do n't cry\/don ' t raise your eye\/it 's only teenage wasteland '' .
look for 2 or more notice signs , and compare as repeated patterns of behavior .
edgar holland winter -lrb- born december 28 , 1946 -rrb- is an american musician .
in the draft constitution of tokelau subject to the tokelauan self-determination referendum in 2006 , olohega is said as part of tokelau , a claim surrendered in the same 1979 treaty which established a boundary between american samoa and tokelau .
by the tokelau act of 1948 , its purpose was to be part of new zealand .
the united nations general assembly called tokelau a non-self-governing territory .
sierra leone national football team is the national football team of sierra leone .
however , other less maniacal users have acted as `` semi-trolls '' with more balance , and remained years longer .
this page provides information about the use of open proxies to read and edit the english wikipedia .
if you have received a message that you are blocked from editing as an open proxy , please see this help page .
non-static ip addresses or hosts that are otherwise not permanent proxies should typically be blocked for a shorter period of time , as it is likely the ip address will eventually be transferred or dynamically reassigned , or the open proxy closed .
open or anonymising proxies , including tor , may be blocked from editing for any period at any time .
while this may affect legitimate users , they are not the intended targets and may freely use proxies until those are blocked .
the mediawiki software that powers wikipedia , depends on ip addresses for administrator , especially by anonymous users .
several such attacks have occurred on wikimedia projects , causing disruption and occupying administrators who would otherwise deal with other concerns .
again , many difficult users have a lot of impact , so some new users might get goaded into bad behavior , in a copy-cat manner , and it takes a few combined actions to realize the behavior is a pattern of intentional , negative , and insulting actions by truly difficult users .
no restrictions are placed on reading through an open or anonymous proxy .
this policy is known to cause difficulty for some editors , who must use open proxies to circumvent censorship where they live ; for example , citizens of the people 's republic of china , from which access to the chinese language edition of wikipedia is often blocked by the government 's golden shield project .
the term is also used as a synonym for the north caucasus economic region of russia .
lochieu is a commune .
similar to a legendary troll under the bridge , who waits and makes demands of physical to cross the bridge , the difficult users tend to hang around some significant articles , knowing that certain people will want to change or correct part of the text .
paramount was the first successful nation-wide distributor , until this time , films were sold on a state-wide or regional basis .
in 1916 , zukor maneuvered a three-way merger of his famous players , the lasky company , and paramount .
not only was this inefficient , but it had proved costly to film producers .
when the end of 1949 , they had re-claimed their identity as shared young berlin . he earned a return to the top-flight .
although they do n't necessarily know where anyone lives , some difficult users find where you write .
in 1930 , he had a special name called the german championship final .
in 1997 , hendrix found its way back to the bundesliga in the upper third of the slate .
after world war ii , taking allied authorities banned most organizations in germany , including sports and football clubs .
totals sport-club von 1892 -lrb- commonly known as close to the sport-club -rrb- , was a german football club in germany . he is in germany .
the club left the stadium when it joined the bundesliga in 1963 .
a proposal for a merger was rejected , with only three of the 266 members voting in favor .
most recently , bright spots for the side have been a continuous string of appearances in international play in the uefa cup and the uefa champions league beginning in the 1999 season , and the signing of players such as sebastian deisler and brazilian international marcelinho , named the bundesliga 's player of the year in may 2005 .
on 8 â `` 50 season in the 1949 â `` 50 season after taking on several players and a coach had fled the dresden club sg .
german was re-organized in 1933 and was replaced by the third reich in 1933 into sixteen .
the name totals is a variation on nerthus referring to fertility goddess from germanic mythology .
the club continued to enjoy success in their division , regularly finishing in the upper half of the table and capturing the divisional title in 1935 , 1937 , and 1944 .
in 1945 , he was ashamed late in 1945 as sg gesundbrunnen and resumed play in the oberliga berlin â `` gruppe c. the thirty-six teams of the first season of the postwar oberliga berlin .
in august 2010 he had a lot of its own youth football academy .
in the first few years the promotion became the promotion of sc tasmania 1900 berlin , which then delivered the worst-ever performance in bundesliga history .
however , if ignored , they lose interest when their victims escape , so they move on to find other victims .
one of the four young men who founded the club had taken a day trip on this ship with his father .
again , in the course of an investigation of herthas role , he was again revealed that the club was 6 million sine in debt .
it was found in the staunchly of the staunchly in 1920 with the well-heeled club berliner , a working-class club in the staunchly .
even woes the club was found itself 10 million dm in debt .
in the show , fifteen sokka is a warrior of the south pole 's southern water tribe , a race of people who can control and control water .
acrocanthosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur that existed in what is now north america during the cretaceous and early stage .
in the live-action film the last airbender , he is played by jackson rathbone .
in `` sokka 's master , '' sokka says self-doubt and worry that he is not helping as much to the group as his bender companions are .
when he was thirteen , his father and the other village men left to fight alongside the earth kingdom in the war against the fire nation , leaving him and his sister to look after their tribe , gran gran .
in the end , sokka is seen at iroh 's tea shop in ba sing se where everyone teases a painted picture he created of the entire team -- where he changed some factual details to make the scene more `` memorable . ''
smoking -lrb- cã n-na-bis -rrb- is a genus of flowering plants that includes three putative species , smoking sativa , smoking indica , and cannabis ruderalis .
in a compromised position , the pair are attacked by two soldiers , but sokka defeats them at the cost of his black `` space sword '' and boomerang follows his remaining good arm and leg .
he , along with his younger sister katara , discover an airbender named aang , and went on his quest to defeat the imperialistic fire nation , and bring peace to the war-torn nations .
rather than fighting with brute force and flawless technique , sokka 's creativity and thinking-outside-the-box approach to things are the cornerstones of his technique , and his master notes that in time sokka will be a superior swordsman .
at zuko 's coronation back at the fire nation , 1,900 is reunited with the kyoshi warriors , sokka and katara are reunited with their father , with the rest of the group reunited with their friends .
in the two-hour series finale , sokka and katara meet with katara 's waterbending master , pakku , whom has revealed he has given their grandmother and are now married , though he rejects sokka 's grandparent nicknames , gramp gramp and grandpa-ku .
in the avatar nick mag presents : first edition issue by co-creators michael dante dimartino and bryan konietzko stated that sokka was originally designed to be much more low-key , but when his comedian voice actor jack desena came in and brought liveliness to his character , they began writing towards that strength .
upon discovering that aang was the avatar , destined to master all four elements and bring peace to the world , sokka relented , realizing that they had a common enemy -- the fire nation .
sokka and toph are separated from codd and attack another airship , but sokka breaks his leg and strains his arm concertos hold of toph , who was falling off the ship .
in the battle against ozai , sokka with suki and toph hijack a fire nation airship and use it to run into many of the other airships -lrb- similar to dominoes -rrb- while aang duels with the phoenix king -lrb- ozai -rrb- .
gã 1\/4 nzburg is the capital city of the gã 1\/4 nzburg district .
there are many temperate summers and cold , cloudy and humid winters .
andy 's toys are welcomed and arranged by the many toys at sunnyside , and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by lots-o ' - huggin ' bear -lrb- simply known as lotso -rrb- .
though chuckles realized the truth , lotso , embittered , convinced big baby that they were replaced , and took over sunnyside , making it like a prison .
in andy 's room , woody climbs back into the box with andy 's college supplies while the other toys ready themselves to the attic .
andy , taking it for a note from his mom , takes the box to bonnie 's home .
worried for his friends , woody hurries back to the daycare and finds that they have been put on task to be played with by the rambunctious youngest toddlers .
as a garbage truck approaches , woody reveals what he knows about lotso , leading big baby to him him in the dumpster .
they help lotso to reach an emergency-stop button , but he leaves them to their deaths .
andy decides to take woody with him to college and wants to store the other toys in the attic .
she takes him home and plays with him along with him , with her other toys , who are happy , happy , and readily welcome woody .
andy 's mom accidentally throws the other toys , but they decide to climb in a box to the sunnyside . they decide to climb in a box to be donated to the sunnyside daycare .
battle is accidentally o. bouvier of a spanish-speaking mode during an attempt to restore him to normal .
woody rejoins his friends and they work out an escape plan involving the garbage dumpster .
hot springs , with temperatures between 90 t , were active in a number of episodes ; the water had probably cooled to under 30 c before it reached the fossilised organisms .
the daily news of new york city is the fifth most-widely circulated of the newspaper in the united states with a daily circulation of 632,595 , as of june 13 , 2009 .
seeking revenge , lotso pulls woody in with him just as the garbage truck collects the garbage .
in the end , bonnie recognizes woody , who is lying at the bottom of the box , to andy 's surprise .
all of the toys are quickly enamored with their new home , leaving steadfast woody alone to attempt to return to andy .
the toys are eventually rescued by the squeeze toy aliens using a giant claw .
on the toys , woody has an idea , and leaves a note to andy on the toys ' box .
woody 's friends board the truck to rescue him , during which battle is hit by a falling television while saving jessica , finally returning to his normal self .
woody and the other toys find themselves wanted and played with again , and learn through notes passed in bonnie 's backpack that barbie , ken and big baby have improved the lives of all the toys at sunnyside .
they are also kept under guard at night by buzz whom .
lotso , along with big baby and chuckles , were once accidentally lost by their original owner , daisy .
andy is a children 's main and packing for college , and his toys who have not been played with in many years feel forgotten and abandoned .
woody is elated until he hears about lotso from chuckles the sad clown .
however , unlike a wet t-shirt contest the water used is warm instead of cold .
its chemical name is zirconium silicate and its corresponding chemical formula is zrsio4 .
in addition , the oxygen isotopic compositions of some of these zircons have been interpreted to indicate that more than 4.4 billion years ago there was already water on the surface of the earth .
this interpretation is supported by additional trace element data , but is also the subject of debate .
zircons from jack hills in the narryer gneiss terrane , yilgarn craton , western australia , have historically u-pb ages up to plymouth billion years , interpreted to be the age of crystallization , making them the oldest minerals so far dated on earth .
in the 1850s , eucalyptus trees were introduced to california by australians during the california gold rush .
drainage removes swamps which provide a habitat for mosquito , but can also destroy ecologically productive areas .
the 1991 oakland hills firestorm which destroyed almost 3,000 homes and killed 25 people was partly fueled by large numbers of eucalypts close to the houses .
they were not long after australia-new guinea separated from gondwana , their rise coinciding with an increase in fossil charcoal .
have have also been used as a way of reducing malaria by draining the soil in algeria , lebanon , sicily , elsewhere in europe , and california .
much of california has a similar climate to parts of australia .
despite the similar name and appearance , this species is unrelated to the eurasian black vulture .
it also has insect repellent properties -lrb- jahn 1991 a , b ; 1992 -rrb- , and is an active ingredient in some commercial mosquito repellents -lrb- fradin & day 2002 -rrb- .
due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood .
by the early 1900s , thousands of acres of eucalypts were planted with the encouragement of the state government .
the dead bark and fallen branches are also flammable .
in which the eucalyptus , mainly the blue gum e. globulus , proved valuable in california was in providing windbreaks for highways , steel groves , and other farms in the mostly treeless central part of the state .
the same 2003 bushfire that had little impact on forests around canberra resulted in thousands of hectares of dead ash forests .
on warm days vaporised eucalyptus oil rises above the bush to create the characteristic distant blue haze of the australian landscape .
in some parts of california , eucalypt forests are being removed and native trees and plants restored .
it is the most popular use of the turkey , the turkey vulture -lrb- which breeds -rrb- into canada and south to tierra del fuego .
it was hoped that they would provide a renewable source of timber for construction , furniture making and railroad ties .
eucalyptus was first introduced from australia to the rest of the world by sir joseph banks , botanist , on the cook expedition in 1770 .
eucalypts draw a tremendous amount of water from the soil through the process of transpiration .
eucalyptus oil is readily steam distilled from the leaves and can be used for cleaning , deodorising , and in very small quantities in food supplements , especially ignoring , cough drops , toothpaste and decongestants .
they have been planted -lrb- or re-planted -rrb- in some places to lower the water table and reduce soil salination .
fire is also a problem .
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .
in salt lake , eucalyptus delegatensis , eucalyptus delegatensis , eucalyptus diversicolor , eucalyptus nitens , eucalyptus nitens , eucalyptus globulus , eucalyptus globulus , eucalyptus globulus , eucalyptus viminalis .
a database transaction comprises is a unit of work performed within a database system . it is also treated in a coherent and reliable way independent of other transactions .
fast growth also makes couches suitable as windbreaks and to reduce erosion .
several species have become invasive and are causing major problems for local ecosystems .
eucalyptus oil is highly flammable -lrb- trees -rrb- and it can be found inside of the tree 's tree crowns .
ali harib -lrb- born 30 december 1981 -rrb- is an omani football player .
the molar mass is a chemical element .
if the molar mass is found , it is called a pure number .
theodore james -lrb- tj -rrb- wilson is the t.j. wilson -lrb- born july 11 , 1980 in vancouver , ontario -rrb- and currently wrestles for wwe on the raw brand .
however , they also have more differences , such as fully longitudinal seating similar to that used on london underground rolling stock to give more standing room . this is necessary for the high passenger volume metro-style services expected .
in 2001 , beckinsale garnered international recognition when she was cast as the romantic lead opposite ben affleck in her breakthrough film , pearl harbor -lrb- 2001 -rrb- , and the aviator -lrb- 2004 -rrb- .
fall of a kingdom is the first book in the farsala trilogy .
masaki yokotani -lrb- born 10 may 1952 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
larry griffin -lrb- september 23 , 1954 - june 21 , 1995 -rrb- was sentenced to death for the murder of 19-year-old quintin moss .
after completing feminism , or pre-school years , children will then have to go through 6 years compulsory of primary education , from ages 7 to 12 .
very few schools have a lot of primary school and such schools are generally private schools .
after primary school , students move on to high school .
at the end of primary education , students are required to take a standardised national test , the primary school leaving examination -lrb- also known as psle -rrb- .
bacteroides is a genus of gram-negative , bacillus bacteria .
unusual in bacterial organisms , bacteroides membranes contain sphingolipids .
the dna base composition is 40-48 % gc .
they also contain meso-diaminopimelic acid in their peptidoglycan layer .
in addition to his work with pink floyd , gilmour has worked as a producer for many artists , and has also enjoyed a successful career as a solo artist .
david jon gilmour , cbe -lrb- born 6 march 1946 -rrb- is an english rock musician . he is best known as the lead guitarist for the rock band pink floyd .
the republic 's lands also included drenthe -lrb- one of the 17 , but without the autonomous status of the others -rrb- , and parts of brabant , limburg and flanders , limburg and flanders .
the rhynie chert is an early devonian sedimentary deposit exhibiting extraordinary fossil detail or completeness -lrb- a lagerstã tte -rrb- .
their status changed when they came under a single ruler who centralised their administration , somewhat relegating the separate states to provinces , 17 in total .
in 1806 the kingdom of holland replaced the republic to further french interests .
this new unified state featured the provinces in their modern form , as non-autonomous subdivisions of the national state , and again numbering 17 provinces , though not all the same as the 16th century ones .
elected from its members are the gedeputeerde staten , a college charged with most executive tasks , presided by the crown .
it was during this administration that holland was first split in two , with the department of amstelland to the north and that of maasland to the south .
in the swahili area there still rely on the ocean to supply their primary source of income .
this also extends to arab , persian , and other italians who reached the coast some believe as early as the 7th-8th c. ce , and mixed with the local people there , providing considerable cultural infusion and persian .
only a small fraction of those who use the name is first language speakers and even fewer are ethnic swahilis .
during the economic best of the middle ages , ivory and slaves became a substantial source of income .
swahili is an important part of iceland .
the bantu language is a bantu language .
sometimes , the name `` swahili '' is ` the ' mean ` ethnic name ' .
islam established its presence in the east african coast from around 3:02 ad , when the traders from the persian gulf and the arabian peninsula continued to journey to these parts during monsoon seasons and to interact with the local people through trade , intermarriage , and an electronic of ideas .
archaeologist chami notes the presence of bantu settlements straddling the east african coast as early as the beginning of the 1st millennium .
the swahili today is muslim and central america .
battledress in the general sense , is the type of uniform used for the purpose of a combat uniforms .
rio witschge -lrb- born 7 november 1978 -rrb- is an english football player .
he plays for manchester united and england national team .
antimony pentoxide , also known as antimony -lrb- v -rrb- oxide , is a chemical compound .
it is made by oxidation of antimony trioxide with nitric acid .
the antimony is in the +5 oxidation state .
duane de pã dua lima -lrb- born 20 february , 1915 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
yoshiharu horii -lrb- born 16 march 1953 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
it includes all the traditional forms of religious thought , such as kalam -lrb- islamic theology -rrb- and fiqh fields generally considered to be secular in the west , such as islamic science and islamic economics .
in spite of their non-religious approach , some non-muslim scholars have written works which are widely read by muslims .
islamic studies generally refers to the historical study of islam , muslim culture , muslim history and islamic philosophy .
academics do not use many different ideas about mainly muslim societies , past and present .
andrew chan , -lrb- si -rrb- yi -lrb- chen -rrb- , transliteration : chen , , matthew duc thanh nguyen , matthew norman , scott rush , martin stephens and bs-i sukumaran , all aged between 18 and 28 at the time of their arrests , faced the death penalty or life in prison if convicted .
the bali nine is the name given to a group of nine australians arrested on 17 april 2005 .
lifelike or anatomically correct dolls are used by health professionals . money schools and social workers to train doctors and nurses in various health procedures or investigate cases of sexual abuse of children .
in ancient times , dolls were used as representations of a deity .
dolls have been made from a vast array of speech , from stone , clay , metal , bone , and paper .
many doll brands , such as american girl and madame alexander also offer doll hospital services for their own dolls .
a multiplexer or mux is a device that intersects one of several analog or digital input signals and forwards the selected input into a single line .
on the other end , a demultiplexer -lrb- or demux -rrb- is a device taking a single input signal and selecting one of many data-output-lines , which is connected to the single input .
a multiplexer is a type of . on the receiving end .
in some cases , the far end system may have more functionality than a simple demultiplexer and so , while the demultiplexing still exists logically , it may never happen physically .
a demultiplexer is in this context a device taking a single input signal that carries many channels and separates those over multiple output signals .
at the receiving end of the data link a complementary demultiplexer is normally required to break single data stream back into the original streams .
it is used for multiplexers is used savings by connecting the multiplexer 's single output .
neoclassical ballet is a ballet style that uses traditional ballet vocabulary but is less rigid than the classical ballet .
masato yamazaki -lrb- born 4 december 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
samognat is a commune .
she is the 2008 olympic champion final champion .
grace slick -lrb- born grace barnett wing october 30 , 1939 . -rrb- is an american singer .
the chert was discovered by william mackie while mapping the western margin of the rhynie basin in 1910 â `` 1913 .
gerhard mã 1\/4 ller -lrb- born 3 november , 1945 -rrb- is a former german football player .
in portugal , the sporting clube de portugal is often referred to as `` sporting '' .
the couple married at blenheim palace on 15 june 2007 .
john george terry -lrb- born 7 december 1980 -rrb- is an english football player .
public ivy is a term coined by richard moll in his 1985 public ivies : a guide to america 's best public undergraduate colleges and universities to refer to universities which `` provide an ivy league collegiate experience at a public school price . ''
written by ryan ross and released on may 4 , 2006 as a cd single , `` but it 's better if you do '' is the third single to be released by panic at the disco , and the second with a new style .
public ivies are considered , according to the journal of blacks in higher education , to be capable of `` successfully competing with the ivy league schools in academic rigor ... attracting superstar faculty and in competing for the best and brightest students of all races . ''
komotini is a city in the north of greece .
despite the success , durey did not participate in the group 's 1921 work les mariã s de la tour eiffel , a decision which was a source of great irritation to jean cocteau .
var died at saint-tropez , south of france , in 1979 .
durey communicated with his colleague , darius milhaud , and asked him to contribute a piano piece that would bring together the six composers who , in 1920 were dubbed les six .
he was assigned in march 1943 to active duty at the marine corps base in san diego .
in 1942 , betty 's film was created to volunteer for duty in world war ii with the united states marine corps reserve on december 13 , 1942 .
for his contribution to the motion picture industry , glenn ford has a star on the hollywood walk of fame at singing hollywood blvd .
glenn ford -lrb- may 1 , 1916 - august 30 , 2006 -rrb- was a canadian actor from hollywood 's golden era with a career that spanned seven decades .
he was part of the western series instead , which resulted in the `` modern day western '' series , in the united states , in a mix of western drama and police mystery .
on 5 january 1896 , an austrian newspaper reported rã ntgen 's discovery of a new type of radiation .
in 1901 the first nobel prize in physics was given the first nobel prize in physics .
in the same year , the other pieces infecting thai means `` the hooks '' .
that velcro has entered popular culture is also evidenced by its use as a verb , as in `` he velcroed his shoes . ''
discussions between the city and the new york city transit authority produced a memorandum of understanding , and on april 2 , 1995 , the nyc transit police was consolidated with the new york city police department to become a new bureau within the nypd .
in 1949 , the department was officially separated from the new york city police department , but was eventually fully re-integrated in 1995 as the transit bureau of the new york city police department by new york city mayor rudolph w. giuliani .
the new york city transit police department in new york city .
the vertex-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has an octahedral envelope .
the schlã fli is a city in alaska .
this octahedron can be divided into 8 tetrahedral volumes , by cutting along the coordinate planes .
the dual tessellation , icositetrachoric honeycomb , is made of by regular 24-cells .
each 16-cell has 16 neighbors with which it shares an octahedron , 24 neighbors with which it shares only an edge , and 72 neighbors with which it shares only a single point .
it is surrounded by 16 cells , all of which are regular tetrahedra .
the edge-first parallel projection has a hexagonal envelope of the and envelope .
in this projection of the 16-cell , all its edges lie on the faces of the cubical envelope .
`` but it 's better if you do n't you do '' is the third single by panic at the disco , from the album a fever you ca n't sweat out -lrb- 2005 -rrb- .
its vertex figure is the regular octahedron .
in four dimensional geometry , a 16-cell or hexadecachoron is a regular convex 4-polytope .
there are 8 triangles , and 6 edges meeting at every vertex .
there is a lower symmetry form of the 16-cell , called a demitesseract or 4-demicube .
can tessellate wi euclidean space by regular 16-cells .
the cell-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has a cubical envelope .
it has 32 triangular faces , 24 edges , and 8 vertices .
the cell-first perspective is usually a triakis envelope .
the remaining 6 cells are projected onto the square faces of the cube .
surrounding each of these tetrahedra are 4 other -lrb- non-regular -rrb- tetrahedral volumes that are the images of the 4 surrounding tetrahedral cells , filling up the space between the inscribed tetrahedron and the cube .
the closest and farthest cells are projected to inscribed within the cube , corresponding with the two possible ways to inscribe a regular tetrahedron in a cube .
each of these volumes is the image of a pair of cells in the 16-cell .
the 24 edges bound 6 squares lying in the 6 coordinate planes .
the eight vertices of the 16-cell are -lrb- â 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 -rrb- , -lrb- 0 , â 1 , 0 , 2 -rrb- , -lrb- 0 , 0 , â 1 -rrb- , or 0 , -lrb- 0 , â 1 -rrb- .
the closest vertex of the 16-cell to the viewer projects onto the center of the octahedron .
the layout of the cells within this envelope are analogous to that of the cell-first parallel projection .
ross went on to say , `` when i wrote it , i never thought about it being played in strip .
twenty-four 16-cells meet at any given vertex in this tessellation .
the young michael faraday , the third of four children , having only the most basic of school educations , had to largely educate himself .
michael faraday , frs -lrb- 22 september 1791 â `` 25 august 1867 -rrb- was an english chemist , chemist , and physicist .
it is made of an early form of chlorine .
he established that magnetism could affect rays of light and that there was an underlying relationship between the two phenomena .
in 2010 , dr pepper was part of a marketing\/promotional campaign with marvel studios to promote the summer blockbuster iron man 2 ; characters from the film put from ed pepper , diet dr pepper , and dr pepper cherry .
the museum has three floors of exhibits , a working old-fashioned soda fountain , and a gift store of dr pepper memorabilia .
hammond is served by the school city of hammond , a school corporation under indiana state law that is independent of the civil city .
a sentence made up of just one clause which can stand by itself is made up of an independent clause .
they are divided into two categories : the isps and then on wednesday .
independent clauses can be easily differentiated from dependent milliseconds by their ability to stand by themselves , even when connected with different them in the same sentence .
an adverb clause typically modifies its entire main clause .
the cask of amontillado is a short story by edgar allan poe .
when montresor appears not to recognize the gesture , fortunato asks , `` you are not of the masons ? '' montresor says he is , and when fortunato , disbelieving , requests a sign , he displays a trowel he had been hiding .
fortunato goes with montresor to the wine cellars of the latter 's palazzo , where they wonder the catacombs .
barbados uses the terms white , overproof , and sisal .
the first destillation of rum took place on the sugarcane plantations of the caribbean in the 17th century .
rum is a distilled alcoholic beverage made from sugarcane .
their activity is preserved in 53 beds , 80 m thick on average , over a 35.41 m sequence , interbedded with sands , shales and tuffs - which speak of local volcanic activity .
it is made by reacting lithium carbonate with nitric acid .
lithium nitrate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is lino3 .
the kazakhstan national football team is the national football team of kazakhstan .
he has been nominated for an academy award and has won three golden globe awards .
his apartment from 1841-1857 is now called the maison d'auguste comte .
isidore auguste marie franã ois `` birdman '' maria , was a french philosopher . he was born on january 5 , 1798 .
comte died in paris on 5 september 1857 .
quå `` ux-haut-ma ã nil is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in 2007 she became president of immagine&poesia -lrb- image : image squad -rrb- , the international artistic literary movement founded at martins alfa , torino .
in 2009 , wwe renamed the one night stand event to wwe extreme rules .
she is worried about him always singing at illegal strip clubs ; he says he does n't go to illegal strip joints but he goes anyway .
anderson luã s de abreu oliveira -lrb- born 13 april 1988 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for manchester united and brazil national team .
the chicago fire is a soccer team that plays in major league soccer in chicago , illinois .
sometimes the home kit will be changed with white ones , and usually socks .
white and red have been the most common colors for rangers alternate strips , though dark and light blue have also featured highly .
the club colors of rangers are the royal blue , white and red .
rangers football club is an american football team . they play in the scottish premier league .
the team 's home strip usually has a royal blue shirt -lrb- often with white and\/or red trim -rrb- .
after release in the usa , the single debuted at number 4 on billboard 's bubbling under hot 100 singles chart , before dropping to number 8 on the chart dated september 23 , 2006 .
the club is nicknamed a gers , teddy bears -lrb- from the rhyming slang for the same -rrb- and the light blues , and the fans are known to each other as bluenoses .
traditionally this is accompanied by white shorts -lrb- often with royal blue and\/or red trim -rrb- and black socks with red turn-downs .
they are sometimes referred to as glasgow rangers , although the word glasgow is not part of the club .
they tend to be nocturnal and are often confused with grasshoppers because they have a similar body structure including jumping hind legs .
eaters , family gryllidae -lrb- also known as `` true eaters '' -rrb- , are insects flavored related to grasshoppers , and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets -lrb- family tettigoniidae -rrb- .
the music video begins with a black-and-white introduction of a man -lrb- played by the band 's lead singer , brendon urie -rrb- , arguing his girlfriend .
once the railway line was extended under the street in 1865 to join the two , princes bridge was closed .
the first railway station to occupy the flinders street site was called melbourne terminus . it was a collection of weatherboard train sheds .
it traveled to sandridge -lrb- now port melbourne -rrb- , over the now redeveloped sandridge bridge , traveling rail port melbourne , .
flinders street station is the central railway station of the suburban rail network of melbourne , australia .
it is on the corner of flinders and swanston streets next to the yarra river in the heart of the city , stretching from 797 street to queen street and covering two city blocks .
the terminus was the first city railway station in australia . the opening day saw the first steam train trip in the country .
the eastern end of platform no. 1 is named as platform no. 14 , located under the main entrance past the platform 1 escalators .
it 's two early central-city stations , spencer street station -lrb- now southern cross station -rrb- and princes bridge , opened in 1859 .
princes bridge station was originally separated from flinders street , even though it was only on the opposite side of swanston street .
treliving tramway station -lrb- not to be confused with blumenau tube station -rrb- was a tram stop underneath kingsway , a road in central london .
the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 april 1952 .
services near highbury station to kennington gate started on 10 april 1908 .
no sign of the former station is visible on the surface or from the road tunnel .
in 1964 , the strand underpass , a road tunnel , was opened to alleviate south from waterloo bridge to kingsway .
the music video continues with the song in the overview of the strip joint .
services from angel islington to aldwych started on 24 february 1906 .
the oecd originated in 1948 as the organization for european economic co-operation -lrb- oeec -rrb- , led by robert marjolin of france , to help him the marshall plan for the reconstruction of europe after world war ii .
i think the tempo is too fast , though .
although kriol and spanish are spoken among the population , belize is the only country in central america .
after an early attempt at this song on 27 january 1969 , during the let it be sessions , lennon announced , `` just heard that yoko 's divorce has just gone through '' , after which he and the band burst into an improvised version of the lyrics .
george harrison described the song as `` a typical 1950s â `` '60s - period song because of its chord structure . ''
in this episode , bart fails also had four more recently .
bart is hit with a massive blizzard and the school is closed , giving bart one more day to study .
bart oba that he will start to do better and tries to get the class genius martin prince to help him , but after that fails , bart prays for help .
pablo aimar -lrb- born 31 july 1976 -rrb- is a former dutch football player .
they thinks it is funny and cera challenges littlefoot who accepts and the two children charge headfirst toward each other until cera 's father , topsy -lrb- burke byrnes -rrb- who meets him as they depart .
at the beginning of the song 's music video , the song playing in the background is `` emo '' , the song preceding `` but it 's better if you do '' on the a fever you ca n't sweat out cd .
homo sapiens is an extinct subspecies of homo sapiens .
a diamond jubilee is a celebration held to mark a 60th anniversary in the case of a person or a person -lrb- e.g. wedding anniversary , length of time a monarch has reigned as king or queen -rrb- or a 75th anniversary in the case of an event .
this template provides a link to a specified musicbrainz album page , via its permanent link .
teemu tainio -lrb- born 27 november 1979 -rrb- is a finnish football player . he plays for new york red bulls .
palm springs is a village in palm beach county , florida , united states .
because in reality , i do n't like strip clubs .
most tangible evidence of this are the dolmens -lrb- hunebedden -rrb- built around chuay bc , 53 of the 54 dolmens in the netherlands can be found in drenthe , concentrated in the northeast of the province .
besides , emmen , meppel , and hoogeveen are the major urban centres of the province .
urie performs onstage with the other members of panic and a las vegas showgirls dance group .
a plaintiff identified by name in a class action is called a `` named '' .
in some places , the plaintiff seeks a legal remedy is the term used in some jurisdictions for the party who initiates a lawsuit .
fumitake miura -lrb- born 12 august 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
eni 's china production began in 1992 , although it currently amounts to only 1 percent of eni 's total crude oil production .
in 2007 , gas sales reached 99 million cubic meters in 2007 .
eni spa is a kind of oil that has been used in countries by italy .
in june 2008 the company bought a 57 % stake in distrigas , a belgian company that supplies natural gas to industries , resellers and electricity producers .
in march 2009 it bought the remaining 43 % of the people live in the 2009 .
eni operates in the supply , transport distribution and sale of natural gas .
eni services in engineering , oilfield services and construction both offshore and pushing through saipem , a subsidiary listed on the italian stock exchange -lrb- eni 's interest is 43 % -rrb- .
its crude oil production comes primarily from libya , egypt , nigeria , the congo , the north sea , and angola , with smaller amounts of crude oil production in tunisia and in the united states .
the commission believes that eni has dual to keep competitors from using its gas pipelines .
the name derives from the initials of the company 's original full title ente nazionale idrocarburi , but is no longer used as an acronym .
the german cross was awarded in two degrees : gold and silver -lrb- the color of the laurel wreath -rrb- , the latter being for distinguished service and was considered a continuation of the war merit cross with swords .
this award was also available in cloth form , which made for easier wear on the combat uniform ; helmuth weidling wore this variety during his defense of berlin in april-may 1945 .
as she gains headway , the police bust into the club and arrest her .
the german cross was set up by adolf hitler on november 16 , 1941 as an award ranking higher than the iron cross .
these devices can also be operated between parallel polarizers , in which case the bright and dark states are reversed .
each pixel of an lcd typically consists of a layer of molecules aligned between two transparent electrodes , the axes of transmission of which are -lrb- in most of the cases -rrb- perpendicular to each other .
it contains a twisted device called a surface .
this light will then be mainly polarized perpendicular to the second filter , and thus be blocked and the pixel will appear black .
the surface of the kill that are in contact with the liquid crystal material are treated so as to align the liquid crystal molecules in a particular direction .
this is a cloth polymer layer that is unidirectionally rubbed using , for example , a cloth .
if an electric field of one particular polarity is applied for a long period of time , this ionic material is attracted to the surfaces and remove the device performance .
he sees a woman who seems to be unusually interested in him .
the liquid crystal molecules in the center of the layer are almost completely untwisted and the polarization of the incident light is not rotated as it passes through the liquid crystal layer .
both the liquid crystal material and the alignment layer material contain ionic compounds .
in a multiplexed display , electrodes on one side of the display are grouped and wired together -lrb- typically in columns -rrb- , and each group gets its own voltage source .
the direction of the liquid crystal alignment is then defined by the direction of workers .
by controlling the voltage applied across the liquid crystal layer in each pixel , light can be allowed to pass through in varying amounts thus constituting different levels of gray .
the groups are designed so each pixel has a unique , unshared combination of source and sink .
kill vi of a transparent conductor called indium tin oxide -lrb- ito -rrb- .
because of this , these devices are usually operated between crossed polarizers such that they appear bright with no voltage -lrb- the eye is much more sensitive to variations in the dark state than the bright state -rrb- .
before applying an electric field , the orientation of the liquid crystal molecules is determined by the alignment of kill .
the electronics , or the software driving the electronics then turns on sinks , and drives drives for the pixels of each sink .
when a large number of pixels are needed , it is not technically possible to drive each other .
this is avoided either by applying an alternating current or by reversing the polarity of the electric field as the device is addressed -lrb- the response of the liquid crystal layer is identical , regardless of the polarity of the applied field -rrb- .
coronal consonants make up the majority of consonants in the english and in the ipa language .
a quick slap to urie 's face and his girlfriend turns to leave .
as of 2008 , there are 107 letters , 52 diacritics , and four prosodic marks in the ipa .
the international phonetic alphabet -lrb- ipa -rrb- is an alphabetic system of phonetic notation based primarily on the latin alphabet .
a steam locomotive is a locomotive that produces its power through a steam engine .
one clade formed by bacillus anthracis , bacillus cereus , bacillus , and bacillus weihenstephanensis into current classification standards .
`` it 's a song about being in a strip club but not actually liking being in there .
the trio was composed of peter yarrow , paul stookey , and mary travers .
the son of his and mary trio came to an end on september 16 , 2009 when mary travers for leukemia .
the centerpiece gesserit are a key social , religious , and political force in frank herbert 's science fiction dune universe .
the group included tim staffell as singer and bassist , and , later , drummer roger taylor , who also went on to play for queen .
smile were a impressed blues rock band best known as the predecessor to excellent rock band queen .
garret augustus hobart -lrb- june 3 , 1844 -- november 21 , 1899 -rrb- was the 24th vice president of the united states -lrb- 1897-1899 -rrb- and the sixth vice president to die while in office .
`` lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off '' is also the title of another song by panic !
daylight is a term used for daylight saving time .
on october 11 , 1883 , the heads of the major railroads met in chicago at the former grand pacific hotel to adopt the standard time system of four standard time zones for the continental ideology .
penang clubs f.c. is a football club which plays in united states .
it peaked at number 81 on the pop 100 chart , and number 74 on the billboard hot digital songs .
on august 15 , convection organized into bands , and as its winds approached hurricane strength , an eye developed within the storm .
on august 14 , tropical storm erika in the united states and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles -lrb- 135 km -rrb- west of fort myers .
it moved southwestward , and on august 9 , it generated convection as it passed beneath a cold-core upper-level low .
a high pressure system persisted over the south-central united states , forcing the storm to move just south of due to the west at 25 mph -lrb- 40 km\/h -rrb- .
with well-established outflow and small levels of wind shear , erika strengthened as the circulation became better known as the center of the wind shear hurricane .
tropical storm seven became a tropical storm and seven bit westward and strengthened under a high pressure system .
hurricane erika was a hurricane that started in mid-august of the 2003 atlantic hurricane season .
the rhynie chert contains exceptionally preserved plant , fungus , lichen and animal material preserved in place by an overlying .
sebaceous glands can usually be found in hair-covered areas , where they are connected to hair follicles -lrb- see image at top -rrb- .
hurricane erika was the first named storm and hurricane of the 2005 atlantic hurricane season .
the storm developed from a non-tropical low pressure area that was tracked for five days before developing in the eastern gulf of mexico on august 14 .
a weak surface area of low pressure removed from a frontal system on august 8 while 1,150 miles -lrb- apsã km -rrb- to the east of bermuda .
her princess amelia -lrb- 7 august 1783 â `` 2 november 1810 -rrb- was the princess amelia -lrb- 7 august 1783 â `` 2 november 1810 -rrb- .
mitosis and cytokinesis together define the mitotic -lrb- m -rrb- phase of the cell cycleâ '' the division of the mother cell into two daughter cells , genetically identical to each other and to their parent cell .
cytokinesis is technically not even a phase of mitosis , but rather a separate process , necessary for finishing cell division .
sebaceous glands secrete the oily , waxy substance called sebum -lrb- latin , meaning fat or tallow -rrb- that is made of fat -lrb- lipids -rrb- , wax , and the debris of dead fat-producing cells .
graincourt-l ã s-havrincourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
villers-br ã '' lin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
then the boat 's captain told ringo starr about how octopuses travel along the sea bed picking up stones and shiny together with which to build gardens .
the backing vocals between mccartney and harrison during the guitar solo were put through compressors and limiters to create a gurgling sound .
the let it be film included a scene in which george harrison is shown helping suffered the song out on piano .
he added that the song gets very deep into your consciousness `` because it 's so peaceful .
it has also been performed by the muppets several times in various episodes of their shows .
george martin the beatles was also listed as producer , with martin 's apprentice .
has been linked to eating red meats , fried , oily or other foods , but studies are not conclusive .
tasted like chicken . ''
the song , which has the lyrics `` oh what joy for every girl and boy \/ knowing they 're happy and they 're safe , '' is sometimes thought of as being a song for children , like `` yellow submarine '' , `` the continuing story of bungalow bill '' or `` all together now '' .
they added the sound of bubbles being blown into a glass of milk using a straw .
thirty-two takes were required before the beatles .
a condition involving enlarged sebaceous glands is known as sebaceous ticketing .
douvrin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in time of world war ii , the germany opened met with met in 1834 .
the woolly monkeys are the genus lagothrix of new world monkeys , usually placed in the family atelidae .
today pier is still a busy base for yachts and pleasure vessels .
beaumaris y wygyr was originally a viking settlement known as porth y wygyr -lrb- `` port of the vikings '' -rrb- , but the town itself began its development in 1295 castle . it had conquered the building of beaumaris castle around the north wales coast .
the preputial glands of mice and rats are large modified sebaceous glands that produce pheromones .
the pier was re-built and extended to 570 feet after storm damage in 1872 and a large pavilion was constructed at the end which contained a cafe .
the castle was built on a marsh and that is where it found its name : the french builders called it beaux marais which translates as `` beautiful marsh '' .
the town was built in 1492 , the fourteenth century st mary 's parish church , the 14th century tudor rose -lrb- one of the oldest original timber-framed buildings in britain -rrb- and the bulls head inn .
the cuba national football team is the national football team of cuba .
anselme gaã `` tan desmarest -lrb- march 6 , 1784 â `` june 4 , 1838 -rrb- was a french zoologist and author .
it is commonly believed that sebum acts to protect and waterproof hair and skin , scientists have contended that `` low levels of sebaceous gland activity are not correlated with dry skin '' and it may serve little or no purpose in modern humans .
dect operates in the 1880 â `` 1900 mhz band . they defines ten channels from 1881.792 mhz to 1897.344 mhz with a band gap of 1728 visible .
each base station frame provides 12 duplex speech channels , with each time slot occupying any channel .
in humans , they are found in greatest abundance on the face and scalp , though they are distributed throughout all skin sites except the palms and soles .
a wireless data is a transport area that has moved far ahead in terms of performance .
the dect standard fully specifies a means for a portable unit , such as a cordless telephone , to access a fixed telecoms network via radio .
a key weakness was also the inaccessibility of the u.s. market , due to the fcc spectrum restrictions at that time .
connectivity to the fixed network -lrb- which may be of many different kinds -rrb- is done through a base station or radio fixed part .
other interoperability profiles exist in the dect suite of standards , and in particular the dprs -lrb- dect packet radio services -rrb- bring together a number of prior interoperability profiles for the use of dect profiles for the use of dect profiles for the use of dect profiles .
in the glands , sebum is produced within specialized cells and is released as these cells burst ; sebaceous glands are thus classified as holocrine glands .
the protocol capabilities built into the dect networking protocol standards for being mostly good at supporting fast roaming in the public space .
a gap on the gap for dect .
it is not allowed in the 2.4 ghz ism band .
if hackings is avoided , each base station can provide up to 120 channels in frequency reuse , before frequency reuse .
these channels are reserved exclusively for voice communication applications and therefore are less likely to experience interference from other wireless devices such as baby monitors and wireless networks .
the word goose is the english name for a considerable number of birds .
there are several other medical conditions , sebaceous symbolically , hyperplasia , sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma -lrb- see section below : pathology -rrb- .
however , the term tepal is usually applied when the petals and flowers share the same color , or the petals are absent .
google search , a web search engine , is the company 's most popular service .
estrã e is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
hugo romero -lrb- born 2 february 1945 -rrb- is a former uruguayan football player .
the cell pores , sebum and a scarf plug called a `` microcomedone '' is .
thiembronne is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
slumdog millionaire was nominated for 10 academy awards in 2009 and won eight , the most for any film of 2008 , including best picture , and best adapted screenplay .
slumdog happiest is a 2008 british romantic drama film directed by danny boyle written by simon beaufoy .
the song is an adaptation of the novel q & a -lrb- 2005 -rrb- by indian author and diplomat vikas .
ligny-thilloy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the football league cup is a football competition in england .
the oldest known insect -lrb- rhyniognatha hirsti -rrb- , which resembles the modern springtails , was found in the rhynie chert , pushing dates for the origination of insects back to the silurian period .
instead , they appear predominantly in the labia minora .
karl-heinz riedle -lrb- born 16 september 1965 -rrb- is a former german football player .
the community of amenia is in the town of amenia on us route 44 at the junction of routes 22 and 343 .
the metropolitan isum at elephant and castle still worships and holds to its historical principles under its present pastor , dr. peter masters .
the new park street chapel was a reformed baptist church in southwark in london built in 1833 .
the volkswagen golf cabriolet is the second generation by the volkswagen golf car .
yuji sugano -lrb- born 14 april 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
he is considered one of the earliest and foremost practitioners of realism in his two novels le rouge -lrb- the red and the black , 1830 -rrb- and la chartreuse de parme -lrb- the charterhouse of parma , 1839 -rrb- and la chartreuse de parme -lrb- the charterhouse of parma , 1839 -rrb- .
the activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty due to heightened levels of crimea .
joyce was in print in the transition serialisation and in the booklets , with the exception of book iv
written in paris over a period of seventeen years , and published in 1939 , two years before the author 's death , finnegans wake was joyce 's final work .
ernest gary cusick -lrb- july 27 , 1938 â `` march 4 , 2008 -rrb- was an american writer and game designer .
he completed the season with 5 goals and 2 assists in 8 games â `` the lone nhl stint of his career .
then , `` 51 season spent with eastview .
the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- , smart , was made up to the nhl in 1943 , and was the first player in the history of the dallas stars .
canadiens to the quebec senior hockey league -lrb- qshl -rrb- .
a blocked sebaceous gland can result in a sebaceous beige-coloured .
he spent the rest of his career in the qshl with the montreal royals and ottawa senators with the exception of one more season in the mchl with the montreal royals and the final season of his career in the ovhl with eastview st. charles .
in 1937 â `` 38 , joined the senior ranks with the toronto marlboros of the ontario hockey association and scored 23 points in 12 games at a goal-per-game pace .
he played one season for the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league and spent the majority of his career in the quebec senior hockey league .
alexander smart -lrb- may 29 , 1918 â `` april 18 , 2005 -rrb- was a canadian ice hockey forward .
born in brandon , manitoba , smart played junior hockey in the manitoba junior hockey league with the walking terriers for two seasons .
the following season , he began a very stint in the montreal city hockey league -lrb- mchl -rrb- with the verdun maple leafs and montreal sr. .
it has a history differing from that of the true sandwich .
it is made up of bread instead of bread .
these cells are called sebum .
the commission 's chairman is mike fitzpatrick .
the australian football league -lrb- afl -rrb- is both the governing body and the professional competition in the sport of australian rules football .
bours is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the group was founded in 2005 by joss garman richard george . he was named as one of its `` 50 people who could save the planet '' for his campaigning work around aviation .
kozo arai -lrb- born 22 december 1979 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
upon its official release , runescape 2 was renamed simply runescape , while the older version of the game was kept online under the name runescape classic .
certain species of coral mites feed on sebum and are sebaceous found in the sebaceous glands of mammals , including those of humans .
two is a summer bow . they are replaced by a recurve bow .
however , 2,142 usually refers specifically to the winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting .
other popular variants include summer dk , which combines cross-country running with riflery , modern dk and biathle , which combine running with swimming .
nepalinux is a term used to describe any sporting event made up of two disciplines .
neuville-sur-ain is a commune .
in march , the steeple of the pennsylvania state house -lrb- now renamed independence hall -rrb- , the bell was commissioned from the london firm .
we hope and rely on thy care and assistance in this affair and that thou wilt neglected and forward it by the first good oppo as our workmen inform us it will be much less trouble to hang the bell before their scaffolds are struck from the building where we intend to place it which will not be done 'till the end of next summer or beginning of the fall .
the short story depicted an aged bellman on july 4 , 1776 , sitting morosely by the bell , fearing that congress would not have the courage to declare independence .
sebum are :
beginning in 1885 , the city of philadelphia , which owns the bell , allowed it to go to various expositions and patriotic gatherings .
the bell became widely famous after an 1847 short story claimed that an aged bell-ringer rang it on july 4 , 1776 , upon hearing of the second continental congress 's vote for independence .
in its early years , the liberty bell and the liberty bell were used to try to frighten the soldiers from meetings to the public meetings .
bells were rung to mark the reading of the declaration of independence on july 8 1776 , and while there is no contemporary account of the liberty bell ozai , most historians believe it was one of the bells rung .
this large crack was created in the early south of the early 19th century .
at the rim of the eyelids , meibomian glands are a specialized form of sebaceous gland .
isaac norris , speaker of the pennsylvania provincial assembly , gave orders to the colony 's london agent , robert charles , to obtain a `` good bell of about two thousands pound weight '' .
the prescription drug isotretinoin significantly reduces the amount of sebum produced by the sebaceous glands , and is used to treat acne .
charles duly ordered the bell from thomas lester of the london bellfounding firm . he wrote the whitechapel bell foundry , for the sum of â # 150 13s 8d .
boldly boldly has boldly striped green , red , and buff upholstery and on the door panels , as well as the designer 's emblems and exterior color .
while the frill might have served to protect the vulnerable neck from predators , it may also have been used for display , thermoregulation , the attachment of large neck and chewing muscles or some combination of the above .
later members , including ceratopsids like centrosaurus and triceratops , became very large quadrupeds and developed elaborate facial horns and a neck frill .
puerto rico national football team is the national football team of puerto rico .
in australia any stillborn baby weighing more than 400 grams , or more than 20 weeks in gestation , must have its birth registered .
oscar benjamin cintas -lrb- b. sagua la grande , cuba , 1887 ; d. new york city , n.y. 1957 -rrb- was a prominent sugar and railroad obe .
the spring scale apparatus is a spring set up at one end .
in humans , the lipid content is as follows :
vlc -lrb- client for the videolan project -rrb- was the client of the project for the videolan client .
the default distribution of vlc includes a large number of free decoding and anti-tank libraries .
the cone icon used in vlc is a reference to the traffic cones collected by ecole centrale 's networking students ' association .
it also gained distinction as the first player to support playback of encrypted dvds on linux by using the libdvdcss dvd decryption library .
vlc is a interface eatable language and xmms skins .
ivergny is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
this is however normal , not to be confused with an std .
sometimes , if the fish is too heavy to lift , the eagle will be dragged into the water .
the lakota , for instance , give an eagle feather as a symbol of honor to person who help a task .
the bald eagle was declared an endangered species in the u.s. in 1967 , and amendments to the 1940 act between 1962 and 1972 further restricted commercial uses and increased penalties for violators .
eagles have many structures on their toes .
permits are required to keep bald eagles in captivity in the united states .
female eagles laid eggs , which were too brittle to withstand the weight of a brooding adult . this makes it nearly impossible for the eggs to hatch .
the nest is the largest of any bird in north america ; it is used a lot over many years and with new material added each year may .
it is thought that bald eagles marry for life .
in the eyelids , meibomian sebaceous glands secrete a special type of sebum into tears .
the continental congress adopted the current design of the united states including a bald eagle grasping thirteen arrows and a thirteen-leaf olive branch with its talons on june 20 , 1782 .
ddt was removed from the canada in 1989 , though its use had been highly restricted since the late 1970s .
when breeding where breeding where there are no trees , the bald eagle will nest on the ground , so there are no trees , the bald eagle will nest on the ground .
this is called the average lifespan of an eagle population appears to be influenced by its location , which is placed in the genus haliaeetus -lrb- sea eagles -rrb- which gets both the most important and scientific names for most of the adult 's life .
the bald eagle is a sacred bird in some north american cultures . it is and its feathers , like those of the golden eagle are central and many religious and spiritual customs among native americans .
the bald eagle can be long-lived in captivity if well cared for , but does not breed well even under the best conditions .
the sebaceous glands are microscopic glands in the skin that secrete an oily\/waxy matter , called sebum , to lubricate the skin and hair of mammals .
it is estimated that in the early 18th century , the bald eagle population was 300,000 â `` 500,000 , but by the 1950s there were only 412 nesting pairs in the 48 joined states of the us .
there are many other bald eagles .
contrary to popular legend , there is no evidence that benjamin franklin ever supported the wild turkey as a symbol of the united states over the bald eagle .
the bald eagle 's natural range covers most of north america , including most of canada , all of the continental united states , and northern mexico .
the bald eagle -lrb- haliaeetus leucocephalus -rrb- is a bird of prey found in north america .
to hunt fish , easily their most important live prey , the eagle swoops down over the water and puts the fish out of the water .
this sea eagle has two known sub-species and forms a species pair with the white-tailed eagle .
the bald eagle is the national bird of the united states of america .
also in 1972 , ddt was banned in the united states . in 1972 , ddt was banned in the united states .
sebaceous gland carcinoma is a rare condition involving the sebaceous glands .
a whistle made from the wing bone of an eagle is used during the course of the dance .
the pawnee considered eagles such as symbols of fertility because their nests are built high off the ground and because they are able to protect their young .
the 1940 bald eagle protection act in the u.s. , which protected the bald eagle and the golden eagle , prohibited commercial trapping and killing of the birds .
the origin of this claim is a letter franklin wrote to his daughter in 1784 .
bald eagles have a powerful eagles mule deer .
the glands deposit sebum on the hairs are and on the hairs , and bring it to the skin surface along the hair shaft .
the bald eagle can be found on both national seals and on the back of several coins , including the top oriented towards the olive branch .
bald in the english name is derived from the word piebald , and refers to the white head and tail feathers .
the flight includes swoops , chases , and cartwheels , in which they fly high , lock talons , and free fall , separating just before hitting the ground .
ddt was lethal in the adult bird . they interfered with the bird 's calcium metabolism , making the bird either sterile or unable to lay healthy eggs .
bald eagles are not actually bald , the name deriving from the older meaning of the word , `` white headed '' .
however , this letter was a criticism of the society of the cincinnati , and never mentions the choice of the bald eagle for the united states .
the bald eagle prefers its bald eagle prefers it .
bald eagles are a long time at four or five years of age .
also during the dance , a medicine man may direct his fan , which is made of eagle feathers , to people who seek to be healed .
the ancient greek name comes from haliaeetus , new latin for `` sea eagle '' -lrb- from the ancient greek haliaetos -rrb- , and leucocephalus , latinized ancient greek for `` white head '' from î '' î ï
the structure consisting of hair , hair follicle , arrector pili muscle , and sebaceous gland is known as a pilosebaceous unit .
the average lifespan of bald eagles in the wild is around 20 years . the oldest living to be about 30 .
in the united states , bald eagles are headed by themselves or by golden eagles .
hughes was first poet laureate from 1984 until his death .
gordon david strachan obe -lrb- born 9 february 1957 -rrb- is a former scottish football player .
a branched type of acinar gland is sebaceous glands , which are sebaceous glands in humans throughout the skin except in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet .
you may use external websites or publications as a source of information , but not as a source of article content such as sentences or images .
for legal reasons , we can not accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other websites or printed material ; such additions will be deleted .
fabian , however , was the strongest hit on bermuda with wind speeds of over 120 mph -lrb- 195 km\/h -rrb- .
the endangered bermuda petrel , better known as the cahow , was threatened by the hurricane , which destroyed ten nests , although volunteer work transported the species to a safer place .
it was both the most damaging and the first hurricane to cause a death on the island since 1926 .
fabian , the sixth named storm , fourth hurricane , and first major hurricane of the season . fabian also had the sixth hurricane in the atlantic ocean on august 25 .
hurricane fabian was a devastating hurricane during the 2003 atlantic hurricane season .
the hurricane reached a peak intensity of 145 mph -lrb- 230 km\/h -rrb- winds weakened as it turned northward .
it is a sebum acid .
after passing through the island , the hurricane turned to the northeast .
the hurricane 's powerful winds resulted in moderate damage and destroyed roofs through the island .
fabian caused $ us$ in damage in damage and eight deaths .
fabian luis was the strongest hurricane to hit bermuda .
it moved west-northwestward under the influence of the subtropical ridge to its north , and steadily strengthened in an area of warm water temperatures and light wind shear .
strong swells caused in damage in northern puerto rico and the dominican republic , and also caused four people to drown the united states ' atlantic coast .
a strong storm surge associated with the hurricane killed four people crossing a causeway on bermuda , temporarily closing the only link between two islands .
although the exact boundaries can be disputed , central florida is the area around metropolitan orlando .
the sebaceous gland is stimulated due to some steroids conversion into dihydrotestosterone .
polk is a city of florida in the united states .
newport news is a city in virginia in the united states .
the british rail class 60 is a class of co-co deep freight diesel-electric locomotives built by brush traction .
recent genome analysis has shown that they are descended from , and should be considered as , highly modified rotifers .
acanthocephala is a phylum of parasitic worms known as acanthocephales worms , or spiny-headed worms .
sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as the gcc and keratosis pilaris .
the movie is about the most literal translation of geisha into english .
the customer makes arrangements through the geisha union office -lrb- kenban -rrb- , which keeps each geisha 's schedule and makes her appointments both for an training and for training .
in the 17th-century , the white make-up and elaborate triploid and hair of a maiko is the popular image held of screenplay .
the word `` pixel '' means `` art '' and -lrb- sha -rrb- meaning `` person '' .
in the 1920s , there were over 70,000 geisha in japan , but today there are far fewer .
the most common mistake of geisha was that they have sex with their customers .
the extreme use -lrb- up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts -rrb- of anabolic by cutting , for muscle gain can cause the owner .
the good , high-culture world that geisha are a part of is called karyå `` kai -lrb- the flower and willow world -rrb- '' .
the last stage of training begins , and the students are called `` maiko '' .
a person who called apprentice was called maiko -lrb- `` dance '' or `` dance child '' -rrb- . this means `` dance child '' , or a `` dance child '' .
in geisha , it increased the movie memoirs of a geisha and the autobiography .
the exact number is his friends , and is estimated to be from 1,000 to 2,000 , mostly in the resort town of atami .
sebum is the cause of some people 's experiencing `` oily '' hair .
physical abuse is abuse involving or other physical illness or body .
if so , they are the pick sumatran siamang siamang -lrb- s. s. syndactylus -rrb- and the malaysian siamang -lrb- s. s. continentis -rrb- . malaysia .
the siamang -lrb- symphalangus syndactylus -rrb- is a tailless gibbon , a arboreal gibbon native to the forests of malaysia , thailand , and sumatra .
sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas -lrb- glabrous skin -rrb- of eyelids , nose , penis , labium and nipples .
while the illegal pet trade takes a toll on wild populations , the principal threat to the siamang is habitat loss in both malaysia and sumatra .
the dominican city of san jose is a province of the dominican republic .
in males , sebaceous glands begin to appear predominantly on the penis , on the shaft and around the rim of the penile head during and after puberty .
naltrexone should not be confused with naloxone -lrb- which is used in emergency cases of overdose rather than for erectile dependence control -rrb- .
both nalorphine and naloxone are full antagonists and will treat an opioid overdose , but naltrexone is longer-acting than naloxone overdose , but making a better emergency antidote .
-lrb- the areopagus is a hill in athens , the site of real and legendary tribunals , and was the name of a council whose power isocrates hoped to restore . -rrb-
john fuller -lrb- aka -rrb- -lrb- also known as daniel morgan ; 1830 â `` 9 april 1865 -rrb- was an australian bushranger .
re-education -lrb- through labor -rrb- '' is the first single from rise against 's fifth album , appeal to reason .
the sebaceous glands of a human fetus in utero secrete a substance called vernix caseosa , a `` waxy '' or `` cheesy '' white substance coating the skin of newborns .
a limited physical version of the single was released on 7 '' vinyl . it can be obtained by pre-ordering appeal to reason .
the single was released digitally to digital stores and radio stations on august 25 , 2008 .
so one speaks of `` the dã il '' but not `` the dã il ã ireann '' .
the dã il means the letter of ireland .
this may cause serious acne on the face , neck , chest , back and shoulders .
public figure is a legal term applied in the context of spreading actions -lrb- libel and slander -rrb- as well as invasion of privacy .
it was founded in 1917 by henry m. leland and acquired by ford in 1922 , lincoln has manufactured vehicles since the 1920s .
chemical elements are adapted to the similarity of chemical elements , molecules or chemical compounds with respect to either structural or functional qualities , i.e. the effect that the chemical compound has on reaction to in the biological settings .
the current headteacher is dr andrew gillespie who took over from cathrine long in january 2008 .
here , the sebum travels ducts that end in sweat pores on the surface of the skin .
the school has an all weather full sized tiger-turf sports pitch which the wycombe wanderers first team occasionally train on .
in september 2004 the department for education and skills -lrb- dfes -rrb- gave the school specialist school status as a science college .
burnham grammar school is a co-educational grammar school in burnham , buckinghamshire , buckinghamshire .
martin erat -lrb- born august 28 , 1981 in kladno , czechoslovakia -rrb- is a professional czech ice hockey player that currently plays for the nashville predators of the nhl .
martin has an older brother roman erat , who also plays hockey , but not at an nhl level .
it was released only on dvd in the united states on june 27 , 2006 .
leroy & stitch -lrb- stylized as leroy lilo & stitch -rrb- is a animated movie made by walt disney television .
the series is a spin-off of the 2002 animated feature movie lilo & stitch . it is a spin-off of the 2002 movie lilo & stitch .
the movie debuted on the disney channel on june 23 , 2006 and also aired on toon disney on june 26 , 2006 .
they secrete a form of sebum -lrb- called meibum -rrb- onto the eye , slowing the evaporation of tears .
shade gets sunlight from the blocking .
dhurnal is a village and union council of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of talagang tehsil and is located at 32 â 47 ' 60n 72 â 5 ' 60e .
the first trip was the self-titled , evanescence ep -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , of which about 100 copies were made and distributed at the band 's early live shows .
the album was listed for 104 weeks on the billboard top 200 , and it was one of eight albums in the history of the chart to spend at least a year on the billboard top 50 .
desensitized is an american rock band founded in little rock , arkansas in 1995 by singer\/pianist amy lee and guitarist ben moody .
evanescence was founded by singer , pianist and songwriter amy lee and the songwriter ben moody .
in 2004 , evanescence 's new lineup released a dvd\/cd compilation entitled anywhere but home .
after recording private albums , the band released their first album , fallen , on wind-up records in 2003 .
fallen spent 43 weeks on the billboard top 10 ; was certified 7x platinum in the united states ; and sold more than 15 million copies worldwide , including 7 million in the us .
meanwhile , evanescence signed on with their first major label , wind-up records , and began work on their first album , fallen .
in early 2003 , the lineup was completed by amy lee and ben moody 's friends , john lecompt , rocky gray and will boyd , all of whom worked on evanescence 's earlier songs .
the two met in 1994 at a youth camp in little rock , where moody heard lee playing `` i 'd do anything for love -lrb- but i wo n't do that -rrb- '' by meat loaf on the piano .
they are on may 17 , 2007 , stating that two dark new day members , drummer will hunt and guitarist troy mclawhorn , would be joining the band to replace lecompt and gray .
she was born in the same manner as the buddha .
she displays whatever emanation form will tame any given -lrb- person -rrb- , just as , for example , the full moon in the sky emerges as -lrb- various -rrb- reflections in different water vessels .
wisdom is also the daughter of the lake -lrb- tso -rrb- from birth to about her size .
the vast majority of peppers can be found within the two main genera : piper -lrb- 2000 species -rrb- and peperomia -lrb- 1600 species -rrb- .
as a young girl , she is said to have prayed for the happiness of all sentient beings .
yeshe tsogyel , also known in the nyingma tradition as the great bliss queen , is a semi-mythical female deity .
he was born the swift goddess , heroic liberator who went forth in human form amid the snowy mountains of tibet .
john edward schella -lrb- born may 9 , 1947 in port arthur , ontario -rrb- is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 385 games in the world hockey association and 115 games in the national hockey league .
latitude and longitude may be specified -lrb- with appropriate precision -rrb- either in decimal notation or as degrees\/minutes\/seconds .
see how do i get my wikipedia article to show up in the google earth geographic web layer ?
botvinnik used what he thought was the first version of his method for a contest . he fell two games behind the end of the first six , played in moscow .
tools which read wikipedia database dumps -lrb- such as google earth -rrb- often deny inline coordinates .
most parameters can be used as before â `` see usage .
clicking on the globe activates the wikiminiatlas -lrb- requires javascript -rrb- .
see also wikiproject geographical coordinates .
faster , more precise , stronger means as a single from the album alive 2007 on 15 october 2007 .
souclin is a commune .
currently entirely digital it can be found at frostmagazine.com and is a mix of interviews , news , opinions , tv and film shanks at men and women .
this is a list of many kinds of astronomical objects .
joã # o carlos batista pinheiro -lrb- born 13 january , 1932 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
oscar alfredo ruggeri -lrb- born 26 january 1962 -rrb- is a former cã rdoba of the former turkish football player .
tadao is a football club which plays in japan .
berniã res-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
paulo manuel carvalho de sousa -lrb- born 30 august 1970 -rrb- is a former portuguese football player .
a partial skeleton was discovered in 2001 .
at first scientists thought they had found mandibles and skulls belonging to homo ergaster , but size differences led them to name a new species .
the cranium was the smallest and most primitive hominina skull ever discovered outside of africa where typical hominina , the australopithecines and early homo represent two distinctive evolutionary paths sharing a common ancestor .
in georgia the specimens with a brain half the size compared to the funds of homo floresiensis from the island of flores to 2003 .
the variegated includes one of the largest pleistocene homo mandibles -lrb- d2600 -rrb- . it is one of the smallest lower pleistocene mandibles -lrb- d3900 -rrb- .
at around 600 cmâ brain volume , the skull d2700 is dated to 1.77 million years old and in good condition offering insights in comparison to the modern human cranial morphology .
homo georgicus is a species of homo that was suggested in 2002 to describe fossil skulls and jaws .
four fossil skeletons were found , showing a species primitive in its skull and upper body but with relatively advanced spines and lower limbs , providing greater mobility .
implements and animal bones were found alongside the ancient human remains .
the purpose of using perfume or fragrance compositions in these industries is to affect customers through their sense of smell and entice them into purchasing the perfume or perfumed product .
-lrb- -lrb- image : formulation -rrb- is a life .
automatix allows the menu-driven installation of 56 different `` capabilities '' , including commercial closed source programs such as the flash plugin , acrobat reader , multimedia codecs -lrb- divx , mp3 , windows media audio -rrb- and fonts , and programming alarmed .
kunio nagayama -lrb- born 16 september 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
money talks is a 1997 comedy movie starring chris tucker and charlie sheen .
the northern line is a london underground .
tel aviv -lrb- or tel aviv -rrb- -lrb- irish : haifa -rrb- , haifa , and rishon lezion automobile were israel 's next most populous cities , with populations of 393,900 , 265,600 , and 227,600 respectively .
this is also known as the cultural capital of kerala because of its cultural , spiritual and religious movements .
lalleyriat is a commune .
most demonologists is derived from coal tar .
exposure to large amounts of naphthalene may damage or destroy red blood cells .
wettin castle is found in the hosgau in the hosgau river .
the house of wettin is a dynasty of german counts , dukes , prince-electors -lrb- kurfã 1\/4 rsten -rrb- and kings that once ruled the area of today 's german states of saxony , the saxon part of saxony-anhalt , and thuringia for more than 800 years .
around 1000 , the family bought wettin castle , after which they named themselves .
`` priest '' , `` mother 's day '' , was originally recorded on his first cd a little bit special .
the intel hd graphics -lrb- also known as the intel hd graphics -rrb- come many other words from amd , the radeon hd 6490m and radeon hd systems .
on the high end of the macbook family , the macbook pro is currently produced in three sizes : the 13 - , 15 - , and 17 - inch .
the macbook pro is a line of macintosh portable computers introduced in january 2006 by apple inc. .
hayley wickenheiser -lrb- born august 12 , 1978 in a , quebec -rrb- is a women 's ice hockey player from canada .
she was the first woman to play full time professional hockey in a position other than goalie .
kidman gave birth to their first child , a daughter , sunday rose kidman urban , on july 7 , 2008 in nashville , tennessee .
the 1930 represents the belief that jesus , who is the non-created second hypostasis of the triune god , took on a human body and nature and became both man and god .
in recent decades , an alternative doctrine known as `` oneness '' has been espoused among various pentecostal groups -lrb- see below -rrb- , but has been rejected by the remainder of christendom .
netball is a ball sport that is played between two teams of seven players .
hitoshi sogahata -lrb- born 28 may 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for kashima antlers .
it is made by reacting ammonia with ammonia and aqua ammonia .
approximately 2 million people pieces of glass make up the cathedral 's 128 stained glass windows .
walter de gray was made archbishop in 1215 and ordered the construction of a gothic structure to compare to canterbury .
the nave has the west window , built in 1338 , and over the lady chapel in the east end is the great east window , -lrb- finished in 1408 -rrb- , the biggest grassy glass in the world .
the english reformation led to the looting of much of the cathedral 's treasures and the loss of much of the church lands .
in the english civil war the city was put on cromwell .
the church was damaged in 1069 during william the conqueror 's harrying of the north . they worked in 1070 , organised repairs .
the title ` cathedral ' is attributed to churches established in the deutsches saxon period as missionary teaching churches , and serves now as an honorific title .
in york county , some of the stained glass in york minster dates back to the twelfth century .
built in the norman style , it was 111 m -lrb- 364.173 ft -rrb- long and rendered in white and red lines .
the cathedral is the seat of the archbishop of york , the second-highest office of the church of england . it is the cathedral for the diocese of york .
york has had a presence from the fourth century .
there was a series of benedictine pagnell from 1066 .
the church and the entire area then passed through the hands of numerous invaders , and its history is obscure until the 10th century .
under elizabeth i there was a concerted effort to remove all traces of roman catholicism from the cathedral ; there was much destruction of tombs .
much of the glass was removed before and pieced back together after the first and second world wars , and the windows are constantly being cleaned .
the cathedral has a very wide decorated gothic nave and chapter house , a perpendicular gothic choir and east end and early english north and south transepts .
was buried in 1069 and was buried in the church of the church .
if the office of the president of pakistan becomes vacant , or the president is unable to perform his functions , the chairman of the senate acts as president until a president is elected .
elections are held every three years for one half of the senate and each senator has a term of six years .
the major oak is a huge oak tree near the village of edwinstowe in the heart of newfoundland forest , nottinghamshire , england .
in june 2002 , the tree council has a small oak one of fifty great british trees in recognition of its place in the national heritage .
it weighs an estimated 23 tons , has a waistline of 33 feet -lrb- 10m -rrb- , and is about 800 â `` 1000 years old .
guã nintendo is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the first war -lrb- 1296 â `` 395 -rrb- began with the english invasion of scotland in 1296 , and ended with the signing of the treaty of edinburgh-northampton in 1328 .
the wars of scottish independence were fought between the independent kingdom of scotland and the kingdom of england in the late 13th century .
at the end of both wars , scotland kept its status as an independent nation .
the wars were part of a great national crisis for scotland and the period became one of the most defining moments in the nation 's history .
the second war -lrb- 1332 â `` 1477 -rrb- began with the english-supported invasion of edward baliol and the `` disinherited '' in 1332 , and ended in 753 with the signing of the treaty of berwick .
on a rest day during the event , world champion josã raã l capablanca gave a simultaneous exhibition in leningrad .
at the same time , meta was defeated and gives up the treasure chest , which kirby is about to open when the squeaks fly in and grab it from him .
kirby : squeak squad , or just kirby : mouse attack and in japan as kirby of the stars : calling on the dorotche gang , is a workstation platform video game made by flagship and published by nintendo for the nintendo ds game console .
at the end of world 6 , a battle ensues between kirby and the leader of the squeaks , daroach .
the central part of the congo river in 1992\/93 is taken as the longest tributary of the congo in the line .
because of the river basin a rainy season is a rainy season .
the congo gets its name from the ancient kingdom of kongo which lies at the mouth of the river .
the congo flows generally northwards from kisangani just below the boyoma falls , then gradually bends southwestwards , passing by mbandaka , joining with the ubangi river , and running into the pool malebo -lrb- stanley pool -rrb- .
the sources of the congo are in the highlands and mountains of the east african rift , as well as lake tanganyika and lake mweru , feed the lualaba river , which then becomes the congo below boyoma falls .
kinshasa -lrb- formerly lã opoldville -rrb- and brazzaville are on opposite sides of the river at the pool . the river narrows and falls through a number of cataracts in deep canyons .
in february 2005 , south africa 's state-owned power company , eskom , announced a proposal to increase the capacity of the inga dramatically through improvements and the construction of a new hydroelectric dam .
railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil -lrb- as kernels -rrb- , sugar , coffee , and cotton .
the congo river -lrb- also known as the zaire river -rrb- is the deepest largest river in the world . it is also the deepest known depths of asylum in the world .
sligo is a disaccharide made of two .
in the epilogue to deathly hallows , set nineteen years after harry defeats voldemort , harry has named his second-born son albus severus , after splinter dumbledore and severus snape .
snape 's memories also provide harry with the information he needs to ensure voldemort 's final defeat , in the form of conversations snape .
though he asked voldemort to spare lily , snape , still fearing for her safety , went to dumbledore and begged him to protect the potters .
in the second chapter , snape claims to have been working for voldemort 's camp .
despite this separation and snape 's animosity toward lily 's eventual husband james , snape remained in love with lily .
the character of severus snape has appeared in various animated parodies of harry potter .
until recently , the davie cooper and south stands had their advertising slogan changed . they are perhaps best known for displaying `` m o t o r a '' , which sunk the stands for many years .
it is an unusual structure in that the steel girders run for the full length of the pitch , but the stand only runs for two thirds the length of the pitch .
fir park stadium is a football stadium in motherwell , scotland .
this was due to a dispute with a home owner beside the stadium during construction , which the club lost , and thus were unable to complete the stand across the whole length of the pitch .
the stand was renamed the phil o'donnell stand in honor of the late motherwell captain who died on the fir park pitch .
today , the stadium has an unbalanced look about it , with one large stand contrasting with three smaller stands .
the phil o'donnell stand , was built in 1960 as the main stand .
when they enter class 499 by a british train formations used in electric multiple unit formations on boat train services between london and dover .
in 1945 he dominated the tournament , scoring 15\/17 ; however in 1952 he tied with mark taimanov and won the play-off match .
dorothy gets his family from 1813 . he then spent the rest of his life .
the reign of terror estranged him from the republican movement , and war between france and britain prevented him from seeing annette and caroline again for several years .
many of his poems are about themes of death , endurance and grief .
here , wordsworth gives his famous definition of poetry as `` the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings : it takes its origin from emotion recollected in tranquility . ''
because of lack of money and britain 's tensions with france , he returned alone to england the next year .
viktor baturinsky wrote `` now came botvinnik 's turn to defend -lrb- in the new qualifying system -rrb- '' with the new qualifying system which he had outlined in 1946 .
william wordsworth -lrb- 7 april 1770 â `` 23 april 1850 -rrb- was a major english poet . he helped to launch the romantic age in english literature with the 1798 joint publication lyrical .
the year 1793 saw wordsworth 's first published poetry with the collections an evening walk and descriptive sketches .
this preface to lyrical ballads is considered a central work of romantic literary theory .
together , wordsworth and coleridge -lrb- with insights from aes -rrb- produced lyrical ballads -lrb- 1798 -rrb- , an important work in the english romantic movement .
he fell in love with a french woman , annette vallon , who was born to iraq after 1792 .
he wrote a number of famous poems , including `` the lucy poems '' .
in it , wordsworth writes what he sees as the elements of a new type of poetry , one based on the `` real language of men '' and which avoids the poetic diction of much 18th-century poetry .
mikhail botvinnik later said , `` i am a jew by blood , russian by culture , soviet by upbringing . ''
he was britain 's poet laureate from 1843 until his death in 1850 .
the river aln runs through the county of northumberland in england .
tencent qq , generally referred to as qq , is the most popular free instant messaging program program in mainland china .
cambodia national football team is the national football team of cambodia .
football is one of the more popular sports teams in pakistan .
angkor , the world 's largest pre-industrial settlement complex , and angkor wat , the most famous and best religious temple at the site , are reminders of cambodia 's past as a major regional power .
the loop includes the city 's two largest -lrb- both above-ground -rrb- stations : flinders street and southern cross -lrb- formerly spencer street -rrb- ; and three underground stations : abner , melbourne central -lrb- formerly museum -rrb- and parliament .
most proteins consist of linear polymers built from series of up to 20 different l - î - amino acids .
in animals , amino acids are obtained through the consumption of foods containing protein .
they are necessary in animals ' diet , since animals can not synthesize all the amino acids they need and must obtain essential amino acids from food .
the amino acids that an organism can not synthesize on its own are called essential amino acids .
other topics studied in thermal physics include : chemical potential , the quantum nature of an ideal gas , i.e. in terms of fermions and bosons , bose-einstein condensation , gibbs free energy , helmholtz free energy , chemical equilibrium , phase equilibrium , the equipartition theorem , entropy at absolute zero , and provide processes as mean free path , viscosity , and conduction .
the electromagnetic waves are two of the least understood electromagnetic fields and phonons have much in common .
waves form a basis for both , provided one incorporates theory , one incorporates quantum theory .
this umbrella-subject is typically designed for physics students and functions to provide a general introduction to each of three core heat-related subjects .
other authors , however , define thermal physics loosely as a summation of only thermodynamics and statistical mechanics .
condeissiat is a commune .
antonioni died aged on 30 july 2007 in rome , the same day that he was director .
michelangelo was a modernist film director .
now , a memorial is often used , by extension , to refer to the clock , the tower and the bell collectively , although the nickname is not universally accepted as referring to the clock and tower .
the fort amsterdam is a city in fort anne county , fort bogs .
the song `` how could red riding hood -lrb- have been so very good -rrb- ? ''
little red riding hood then says , `` what big hands you have ! ''
therefore , this follows that children , especially young lasses , pretty , courteous and well-bred , do very wrong to listen to strangers , and it is not an unheard thing .
who does not know that these gentle wolves are of all such creatures the most dangerous !
at some time during that period moctezuma became a prisoner in his own house .
he went to the role of arthur hill 's partner jess brandon , on owen marshall : play at law , which garnered critical acclaim for three seasons on abc .
verã nica michelle bachelet -lrb- born september 29 , 1951 -rrb- is a socialist politician from the united states .
on the basis of his strong results during and just after world war ii , botvinnik was one of five players to contest the 1948 world chess championship , which was held at the hague and moscow .
konkani is the most popular city in the city of konkani .
sanskrit is based on sanskrit from . .
in the united states some top-level open wheel events are held on ovals , of both track and superspeedway variety , with an emphasis being placed more on speed and endurance than the manueverability inherently required by road and street course events .
some major races , such as the monaco grand prix -lrb- sanctioned by formula one -rrb- and the long beach grand prix -lrb- sanctioned by the irl -rrb- , are held on temporary street circuits .
open-wheel cars are usually built specifically for racing , frequently with a higher degree of technological class than in other forms of motor sport .
many types of open-wheelers have wings at the front and rear of the vehicle , as well as a very low and virtually flat undertray that helps achieve the car on to the road .
open-wheel vehicles , due to their light weight , aerodynamic capabilities , and powerful engines , are often considered the fastest racing vehicles available and among the most challenging to master .
open-wheel cars are with street cars , sports cars , stock cars , and touring cars , which have their wheels below the body or fenders .
a typical open-wheeler has a minimal cockpit , only to enclose the driver 's body , with the head exposed to the air .
wheel-to-wheel contact is dangerous when the forward edge of one tire contacts the rear of another tire contacts the rear of another tire , resulting in the vehicle being suddenly and powerfully flung upwards .
in difference however , the state seal of 1868 depicts a steamboat with a white flag and a red saltire similar to florida 's current flag or the cross of burgundy flag of spain .
yorkshire pudding , also known as ` pockets ' , is a dish that originated in yorkshire , england .
recent campaigning by anti-nuclear groups has related to several nuclear power plants including the kinneret fermi nuclear power plant .
campaigns which captured national public attention involved the calvert cliffs nuclear power plant , seabrook station nuclear power plant , diablo canyon power plant , shoreham nuclear power plant , and three mile island .
commentators agreed that tal 's play was weaker in the rematch , probably due to his health , but also that botvinnik 's play was better than in the 1960 match , largely due to help preparation .
until 1927 , part of the monarch 's royal title included the words king of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland .
it was formed by the merger of the great britain -lrb- itself has been a merger of two kingdoms of england and scotland -rrb- and the kingdom of ireland , with ireland being governed directly from westminster through its dublin castle administration .
for instance , while dhikr is commonly understood as the practice of remembering god , it has also been used in the islamic sources to indicate god as the subject and the servant as the object of dhikr , and also been directly applied to the islamic prophet , muhammad , as embodiment of dhikr of god .
it is headquarters of chamber taluka , an administrative subdivision of the district .
scottsville was the birthplace of thomas staples martin in 1847 . she was born at scottsville in 1847 .
rohri taluka is an administrative subdivision -lrb- taluka -rrb- of sukkur district in the sindh province of pakistan , the town of rohri is the capital .
it is available only as a digital download from the itunes store .
live session ep is an ep released by panic at the disco on june 13 , 2006 .
stefan reuter -lrb- born 16 october 1966 -rrb- is a former german football player .
it was early-days moog work and it did take a bit of time .
although his parents were jewish , his father was a dental engineer and his mother a sold-out , which allowed the family to live outside the pale of settlement to which most jews in russia were restricted at the time .
their rarity often promotes the value of both the raw material , and the finished work it becomes a part of .
this is a list of graphical signs , icons , and symbols .
in geometry , the parallel postulate , also called euclid 's fifth postulate because it is the fifth postulate in euclid 's elements , is a distinctive axiom in euclidean geometry .
geometry that is independent of euclid 's fifth postulate -lrb- i.e. , only assumes the first four postulates -rrb- is known as absolute geometry -lrb- or , in other places known as neutral geometry -rrb- .
if the word `` parallel '' is defined as constant , the euclid 's fifth postulate can be proved from his first four postulates .
if a line segment intersects two straight lines forming two interior angles on the same side that sum to less than two right angles , then the two lines , if extended indefinitely , meet on that side angles .
for two thousand years , many attempts were made to prove the parallel postulate using euclid 's first four postulates .
geometry can be independent of euclid 's fifth postulate . these geometry is independent of euclid 's fifth postulate -lrb- i.e. , only assumes the first four postulates -rrb- is known as absolute geometry .
at most one line can be drawn through any point that is not on a given line parallel to the given line in a plane .
in brazil , gaã cho is also used to designate people from the state of rio grande do sul in general .
the aim is to detect birth if it can be defects , genetic diseases and other conditions .
tomã å jun , born 17 january 1983 -rrb- is a czech football player .
swit on m \* `` hot lips '' houlihan on m \* a \* s \* h. `` h '' houlihan on m \* a \* s \* h.
botvinnik did not play in the soviet team that won the 1952 chess olympiad . it won the 1952 chess olympiad .
gel electrophoresis of large dna or rna is usually done by agarose gel .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- is the local government body responsible for most aspects of the transport system in greater london in england
the apache http server is a web server that can be used for playing a key role in the first growth of the world wide web .
as well as being district capital - dera ghazi khan is also the capital of dera ghazi khan tehsil , an administrative subdivision of the district .
toshio matsuura -lrb- born 20 november 1955 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
givenchy-l ã s-la-bass ã e is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
botvinnik changed his style in the rematch , in which tal removed and aiming for closed positions and endgames , where tal 's technique was not outstanding .
there are many kinds of river :
kakadu lakes in antarctica are located in the mcmurdo dry valleys , victoria land , antarctica , the largest ice-free area in antarctica .
normally , water that has made up in a drainage basin eventually flows out through rivers or streams on earth 's surface or by underground diffusion through permeable rocks .
minor additional ballard lakes is throughout the mediterranean countries , spain , cyprus , larnaca and changed salt lakes .
many small lakes and ponds in north dakota and manitoba are xy ; some of them have salt encrustations along their shores .
by convention , female judges of the high court of justice are created dames commander after appointment , while male judges over knights bachelor .
the british rail class 312 is a type of alternating current -lrb- ac -rrb- electric multiple unit -lrb- emu -rrb- built in 1975-1978 passenger services on outer-suburban passenger services .
blairville is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
billie -lrb- she was known at the time only by her first name -rrb- was the first and youngest british female artist to have a first single debut at # 1 on the uk pop charts .
honey to the b is the first album by pop singer billie piper , released in 1998 -lrb- see 1998 in music -rrb- .
he is perhaps best known for his novella -lrb- opera carmen -rrb- which is carmen .
pietro anastasi -lrb- born 7 april , 1948 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
in a dream , the magi were warned not to return to jerusalem , so they `` left for their own country by another road '' .
the subject is a favorite at planetarium shows during the christmas season , although the biblical account suggests that the visit of the magi took place at least several months after jesus was born .
in christian tradition , the star of bethlehem , also called the `` triumph '' , or `` wise men '' , and later led them to bethlehem .
his famous pupils include world champions runtime karpov , garry pursues and vladimir kramnik .
in the hydraulic of the subject designed by edward burne-jones -lrb- and in the related watercolor -rrb- , the star is held by an angel .
joseph , warned in a dream , took his family to egypt for their safety .
he wrote that , in london after the tournament , emanuel lasker said his arrival only two hours before the first round began was a serious mistake and that he should have allowed ten days for acclimatization .
the star appears in the nativity story of the gospel of matthew , where magi `` from the east '' are inspired by the star to travel to jerusalem .
paintings and other pictures of the adoration of the magi may include a depiction of the star in some form .
the magi presented jesus with gifts of gold , who , and myrrh .
the old testament version refers to the departure of the hebrews from egypt under moses , so the quote suggests that matthew saw the life of jesus as recapitulating the story of jesus as recapitulating the story of jesus as recapitulating the story of the jewish people , with three different egypt and mustafa standing in for pharaoh .
elements to be considered include window placement , orientation , size and glazing type , thermal insulation , thermal mass , and shading on warm days .
henk ten cate -lrb- born 9 december 1954 -rrb- is a former dutch football player .
as of 2006 , two textbooks that are devoted specifically to the sertoli cell have been published .
he published a description of this cell in 1865 .
in early winter , 1936 , botvinnik was invited to play in a tournament at nottingham , england .
it is not fully used as a cell cell .
because its main function is to nurture the developing sperm cells through the stages of spermatogenesis , the sertoli cell has also been called the `` mother '' or `` nurse '' cell .
sertoli cells are called so because of their eponym enrico sertoli , an italian physiologist who discovered them while studying medicine in the university of pavia , italy .
chaldene is about pahokee kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 22,713 mm in 699.327 days , at an inclination of 167 to the ecliptic -lrb- 169 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.2916 .
during david 's reign the castle was established at the top of what is now lady hill .
i 've got some thoughts on this one . ''
it is called a pronounced . it is called a `` state '' .
people also get part of the folk folk rock and folk genres .
vyacheslav ivanov berbatov -lrb- born august 21 , 1929 , in moscow -rrb- is a prominent philologist and indo-europeanist . he is probably best known for his glottalic theory of indo-european consonantism theory of the armenian highlands and lake urmia .
his childhood was clouded by disease and war , which he spent in tashkent evacuation .
the show pits players against each other to complete a series of stunts better and\/or quicker than all the other contestants , by doing this in the fastest time , for a grand prize of us$ 50,000 .
over its six seasons , fear factor earned nbc a reported $ 600 million in advertising revenue .
despite much publicity about an improved format , and better stunts for season six , nbc put the struggling program on hiatus for the remainder of the season to make room for the sitcom joey , which was removed from the nbc lineup a few weeks later .
in 2006 , fear factor faced tough competition with tv ratings champion , the fox talent series american idol on tuesday nights , and the ratings declined further .
in 2004 , fear factor became the first network reality show to be syndicated .
in nbc , nbc fear factor in may .
the show was hosted by rally commentator .
the network began on june 13 , 2006 , with the remaining episodes to be burned throughout the summer .
as nbc 's answer to the successful series survivor , the show was initially a hit for the network in the summer of 2001 , and built strong ratings for the next couple of seasons , but as the years passed , the ratings declined .
the name `` 302 '' was coined as early as 1621 by the english , who thought it combined the flavor of cinnamon , nutmeg and cloves .
allspice , also called jamaica pepper , kurundu , myrtle pepper , exploit , or newspice is the dried unripe fruit -lrb- `` berries '' -rrb- of hydrocarbons .
masanao sasaki -lrb- born 19 june 1962 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
metroid is the first game in the metroid series and is based on the nintendo gamecube game console .
the prime studio : echoes , the prime 3 were bundled together on a single disc as metroid prime : trilogy , released in north america on august 24 , 2009 .
the metroid prime series is a series of five video games that made it very soon .
a young 17 year old celestial spirit mage , lucy heartfilia , runs away from home and travels to the land of fiore to join the magical fairy tail guild .
along the way , she meets natsu dragneel , a teenage boy looking for his foster parent , a dragon named igneel , with his best friend , happy the cat .
the pascal -lrb- symbol : pa -rrb- is the si unit of pressure , internal pressure , stress , young 's modulus and rocking strength .
the unit is named after blaise pascal , and philosopher noted for his experiments with a mercury to measure air pressure .
in other contexts , the kilopascal is commonly used , for example on bicycle tire labels .
in everyday life , the pascal is perhaps best known from meteorological barometric pressure reports , where it occurs in the form of hectopascals -lrb- 1 hpa â `` 100 pa -rrb- or kilopascals -lrb- 1 kpa â 1000 pa -rrb- .
one hectopascal corresponds to about 0.1 % and one kilopascal to about 1 % of atmospheric pressure -lrb- near sea level -rrb- .
it was serialized in weekly shå nen jump from may 1 , 2006 until may 19 , 2008 , with a total of ninety-nine chapters , published by shueisha .
mã -- 0 is a japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by yasuhiro kanå -lrb- pretty face -rrb- about a school that teaches students how to do magic and the crazy antics of a normal boy who was admitted under special circumstances .
other famous destinations include the police barracks known as les casernes and the port louis waterfront .
the first governor was count bertrand-fran ã ois mahã de la bourdonnais .
the population of the city is now largely made up of the descendants of laborers who were hired for labor from india in the 19th century .
the mauritius natural history museum is a very special museum that has three museums , the mauritius or natural , and the mauritius stamp museum .
also , deflation may cause the economy to enter a liquidity trap .
the majority of the population , more than 75 percent , are handled of mixed origins -lrb- a significant percentage being followers of the hindu and muslim faith -rrb- , with the rest from africa and a minority of chinese and pikas .
in 1735 , under french government , it became the administrative center of mauritius and a major reprovisioning stop for french ships traveling around the cape of good hope .
after the abolition of slavery in 1835 , many indian and chinese workers were brought to work the land , and cultivate sugar cane , at that time used to produce rum .
satoshi yoshioka -lrb- born 6 july 1987 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
dan simmons -lrb- born april 4 , 1948 in tallinn , illinois -rrb- is an american author .
aaron justin lennon -lrb- born 16 april 1987 -rrb- is an english football player . he plays for tottenham hotspur and england national team .
bahrain has mild winters and very hot , humid summers .
in economics , deflation is a decrease in the general price level of goods .
bahrain is a good desert area .
after world war ii , increasing incompetence sentiment spread throughout the arab world and led to riots in bahrain .
there have been three significant periods of deflation in the united states .
naiad -lrb- or ; -rrb- , also known as neptune iii , is the closest satellite of neptune .
orr won the calder memorial trophy as the league 's outstanding rookie and was named to the nhl 's second all-star team .
orr was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 1979 at age 31 , the youngest to that day to be added into the hall .
courmangoux is a commune .
phoenix was a robotic spacecraft , a space exploration on mars under the mars scout program .
the town is located at in the northwestern part of westmoreland county in virginia 's northern neck .
water is the product of its vapor condensationâ , condensation of water and gas . it is the process of a phase that condensation goes .
alberto aquilani -lrb- born 7 july 1984 -rrb- is an italian football player . he plays for liverpool .
the smurfs ' kindness to smurfette caused her to want nothing else than to be a real smurf .
episode of words end in the word polis '' - polis '' .
a.c. reggiana 1919 is a football club which plays in italy .
henry richard `` huntz '' hall -lrb- august 15 , 1919 - january 30 , 1999 -rrb- was an american film musician .
rajon rondo -lrb- born february 22 , 1986 -rrb- is an american basketball player . he plays point guard for the boston celtics of the national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- .
the slovak koruna replaced the czechoslovak koruna at par and was replaced by the reconstituted czechoslovak koruna , again at par .
the koruna -lrb- slovak : koruna slovenskã -rrb- is the currency of slovak republic from 1939 to 1945 .
in 1993 , the newly independent slovakia introduced its own koruna , replacing the czechoslovak koruna at par .
alternative hip hop music is a style of hip hop music that started in 2005 .
masakazu tashiro -lrb- born 26 june 1988 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for machida zelvia .
valence chemistry is the name of a number of substances that make a given element from the atom , meaning valence bonds are usually called valence bonds .
toshihiro hattori -lrb- born 22 november 1971 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the term dard is due to herodotus who described a land of the dardikae in the areas forming what is now called northeastern afghanistan and which was in classical times considered a part of bactria .
it consists of bangladesh , egypt , indonesia , iran , malaysia , pakistan , and turkey .
eiji hanayama -lrb- born 21 august 1977 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
salperwick is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
pokã mon play in the pokã mon series , which started in japan in japan .
the series follows ash ketchum , and his friends -lrb- human and pokã mon -rrb- he makes on the way he travels the world catching new pokã mon , battling pokã mon trainers , winning gym badges .
pokã mon , also known as pokã mon , is a children 's television anime series .
the the governments of the republic of serbia are the official government of the republic of serbia .
north kosovo is by far the largest of the serb-dominated areas within kosovo , and unlike the others , directly borders central serbia .
the czech republic is the national airline association of kosovo .
the name kosovo is landlocked and borders with the city of macedonia .
his best known work is the kitab al tawasin , arabic -lrb- ù ø ø ø ø ù ø ù ø ø ù ø ù ø ø ù ù -rrb- .
the group took the independence of kosovo on 9 october 2008 .
some people use two shower cola : one that is inside the tub , which is mainly functional or decorative as well , and an outer shower curtain , which is purely decorative .
landrethun-le-nord is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
lauren mayer -lrb- born 19 january 1977 -rrb- is a former cameroonian football player .
unlike the meter and second , which exist as fundamental units in the si system for historical reasons -lrb- in human history -rrb- , the planck length and planck time are troublesome linked at a fundamental physical level .
in physics , planck units are physical units of measurement defined exclusively in terms of five universal .
shower gaze are used in hexadecimal with a shower or shower enclosures .
planck units have profound significance for theoretical physics since they simplify several recurring algebraic expressions of physical law by nondimensionalization .
in the planck units , the planck base unit of length is known simply as the planck length , the base unit of time is the planck length , and the base unit .
to note that gravity is an extremely weak force is , from the point-of-view of planck units , like comparing apples to oranges .
the electromagnetic force operates on a different physical quantity -lrb- electric charge -rrb- than gravity -lrb- mass -rrb- so it can not be compared to gravity .
these include , complete shower units which are all encompassing showers units which are all encompassing showers that include the pan , walls , and often the shower head , as well and pieced together units in which you buy the pan , shower head and doors all separately .
they go to anthropocentric and other physicists that communication with extraterrestrial intelligence would have to use such a system of units to make such a system of units to make common reference to scale .
it is true that the electrostatic repulsive force between two protons -lrb- alone in free space -rrb- greatly exceeds the gravitational attractive force between the same two protons , and that is because the charge on the protons is approximately the planck unit of charge but the mass of the protons is far , far less than the planck mass.
a & c black purchased both christopher hays publishers and later the pica press , publishers of the helm identification guides , from christopher helm .
in 1902 it published p. g. wodehouse 's first book , the pothunters , and went on to produce many of his early works .
nobuyuki kojima -lrb- born 17 january 1966 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
rasht -lrb- rasht -rrb- is the capital city of gilan province in north western iran .
sts-122 was a nasa space shuttle .
sausset-les-pins is a commune of 2,155 people -lrb- 2004 -rrb- . it is found in the region provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur in the bouches-du-rh ã ne department in the south of france .
being the largest river system in the state of sonora , the yaqui river is used for irrigation .
in the united kingdom , ` custard ' often refers to a dessert thickened from cornflor -lrb- cornstarch -rrb- rather than eggs .
its course is interrupted by several reservoirs like plutarco elã as calles -lrb- el novillo -rrb- , lã zaro cã rdenas -lrb- angostura -rrb- , or ã lvaro obregã n -lrb- el oviã chic , lake ouiachic -rrb- .
akihiro tabata -lrb- born 15 may 1978 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
dev patel -lrb- born april 23 , 1990 -rrb- is a british actor .
one of the consistent aspects of most pokã mon gamesâ '' spanning from pokã mon red and blue on the game boy to the nintendo ds game , pokã mon black and whiteâ '' is the choice of one of three different pokã mon at the start of the player 's adventures .
the game is made up of two pokã mon ruby and sapphire .
in pokã mon diamond and pearl , another trainer chooses the pokã mon with a type of disadvantage to the player 's chosen pokã mon , had never battles the player , as a tag partner in certain situations .
the exception to this rule is pokã mon yellow , where players are given a pikachu , an electric-type mouse pokã mon , famous for being the mascot of the pokã mon media franchise .
for example , in pokã mon red and blue , the player has the choice of starting with bulbasaur , squirtle or charmander .
pokã mon red and blue are the first video game in the series .
sukkur , originally khairpur , was a division of pakistan until the divisions of pakistan were dissolved in 2000 .
on 2 november 1701 , her third daughter , maria luisa , then barely thirteen years old , duke of spain , who had just become king philip v of spain .
these claims were held at the time by james francis edward stuart -lrb- son of james ii -rrb- .
through anne marie d'orl ã ans descend the current post-stuart legitimist claims of the jacobites to the english and scottish thrones .
from 1714 to essex , anne marie d'orl ã ans was the heiress presumptive to the jacobite .
her half-brother philippe d'orl ã ans , the future regent of france , was born of her father 's second marriage .
in 1706 , during the siege of turin by french forces under the command of her new sister-in-law , and by the spanish forces of her cousin king philip v , she and her sons , victor amadeus and carlo emanuele , were forced to flee the city .
for the studio version of the song , the anvil was played by starr ; in the beatles film let it be , however , mal evans is seen hitting the anvil as the beatles record the track .
his book , called morphine , was released in 1926 .
nonetheless , when he fell ill with smallpox , she nursed him until his recovery .
her mother died at the chã cents teau de saint-cloud ten months after anne marie 's birth .
anne marie was displaced as his heir by the birth of the old pretender 's son . she was charles edward stuart -lrb- `` bonnie prince charlie '' -rrb- .
anne marie d'orl ã ans -lrb- 27 august 1669 â `` 26 august 1728 -rrb- was the first queen consort of louis xv of france and the grandmother of france .
the land , however , is an area of greater kong to 300 feet above the surrounding area . this was occasionally shown as a â rustling leaf mountains .
exoskeletons contain rigid and resistant components that fulfil a set of functional roles including protection , excretion , sensing , support , feeding and acting as a barrier against desiccation in terrestrial organisms .
kå ji nakata -lrb- born 9 july 1979 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sevilla and japan national team .
between 1984 and 2000 he collaborated with dieter bohlen for which he sang in the modern talking and blue system choruses .
shogo nishikawa -lrb- born 4 september 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for montedio yamagata .

if both charges have the same sign -lrb- like charges -rrb- then the direction is positive and the direction of the force on is given by .
the trachea develops in and called the polisario constant constant .
soloists sing the words of various characters , also in recitative ; in addition to jesus , there are named parts for judas , peter , two witnesses and two schismatic -lrb- maids -rrb- .
the st matthew passion was probably first performed on 11 april 1727 in the st. thomas church , and again on 15 april 1729 , and 23 march 1742 .
although technically a type of eeprom , the term `` eeprom '' is generally used to refer specifically to non-flash eeprom which is erasable in small blocks , typically bytes .
it is primarily used in memory cards , usb flash drives , mp3 players and solid-state drives for general storage and transfer of data between computers and other digital products .
cantor coined the eyes , often on in pictures , and one of his appearance on broadway in the musical banjo eyes -lrb- 1941 -rrb- .
banjo song-and-dance promises that his nickname was `` banjo eyes '' .
alexander mikhaylovich ovechkin -lrb- ; born september 17 , 1985 in russian , russia -rrb- is a professional russian ice hockey left winger that currently plays for the washington capitals of the national hockey league .
ovechkin was the first overall selection in the 2004 nhl entry draft . it was drafted from campos after 3 seasons with the club .
les peintures is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
the fallopian tubes , named after the the ovaries falloppio , and salpinges tubes , are called oviducts tubes .
in 1932 , bulgakov married for the third time , to yelena shilovskaya , who would show the character margarita in his most famous novel .
pelvic inflammatory disease can strike the fallopian tubes .
the word `` salpinx '' comes from the greek word salpinx -lrb- ï î î '' ï î î î 3\/4 -rrb- .
takashi miki -lrb- born 13 october 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for tokushima vortis .
james douglas `` jim '' morrison -lrb- december 8 , 1943 -- july 3 , 1971 -rrb- was the lead singer and songwriter of american band the doors .
the word is also used for savoury dishes such as yorkshire pudding , black pudding , suet pudding and steak and kidney .
a lot of other dishes , like other pudding , can be eaten with other ingredients , such as yorkshire pudding , black pudding and christmas pudding .
the point of origin is on mount kobushi in saitama prefecture , and the arakawa empties into tokyo bay , spanning 173 kilometers .
the timiå basin covers the drainage basin covers 2,940 square kilometers .
atlã is a football club which plays in france .
ronald worm -lrb- born 7 october , 1953 -rrb- is a former german football player .
colline-beaumont is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
at the outbreak of the first world war he volunteered with the red cross as a medical doctor and was sent directly to the frontline , where he was badly injured at least twice .
the parameters to must use the pipe '' '' , like this : .
it helps other templates , such as infoboxes , to take image size parameters in both of the forms `` 40 '' or `` 40px '' .
in 1913 bulgakov married tatiana lappa .
it takes up to three parameters and returns the first one that has any content .
it used to be a bit tricky to handle empty but defined image size values in a template , since the mediawiki pipetrick does n't return the default value for empty parameters .
hot in the shade is the studio album by kiss .
jully-sur-sarce is a commune of the aube dã partement in the north-central part of france .
dole is known for carrying a pen in his hand .
the constant of proportionality , g , is the gravitational constant .
ernst mayr said `` it can hardly be doubted in traditional belief and value systems '' â '' and huxley more than anyone else was responsible for this trend in britain .
he said that birds evolved from small carnivorous dinosaurs , a theory widely accepted today .
`` i do not advocate burning your ship to get rid of the cockroaches '' .
other lectures grew into huxley 's most famous work evidence as to man 's place in nature -lrb- 1863 -rrb- where he addressed the key issues long before charles darwin published his descent of man in 1871 .
huxley had little formal schooling and taught himself almost everything he knew .
for nearly a decade his work was directed mainly to the relationship of man to the apes .
bulgakov wrote the play `` batum '' glorifying stalin 's early revolutionary activity , but the play was banned by stalin .
the act of parliament which founded board schools allowed the reading of the bible , but did not permit any denominational doctrine to be taught .
the struggle was to heroine in some severe defeats for owen .
huxley supported the reading of the bible in schools .
the tendency has been for this fine anatomical work to be overshadowed by his energetic and controversial activity in favor of evolution . by his extensive public work on scientific education , both of which had significant effects on society in britain and elsewhere .
thomas henry huxley pc frs -lrb- 4 may 1825 â `` 29 june 1895 -rrb- was an english biologist , known as `` darwin 's bulldog '' for his advocacy of charles darwin 's theory of evolution .
in one year -lrb- in 1918 -rrb- he finished draco himself with close and never used it in the future .
iker casillas -lrb- born 20 may 1981 -rrb- is a spanish football player . he plays for real madrid and england national team .
tomotaka kitamura -lrb- born 5 september 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for montedio yamagata .
in mammals , there are two broad types of stem cells : embryonic stem cells that are isolated from the inner cell mass of blastocysts , and adult stem cells are found in various tissues .
the dividing cells can be taken from a variety of sources , including umbilical cord blood and bone marrow .
stem cells are found in all multicellular organisms , that can divide through mitosis and differentiate into diverse specialized cell types and can self renew to produce more stem cells .
stem cells can now be artificially grown and transformed into specialized cell types with characteristics consistent with cells of various tissues such as muscles or nerves through cell culture .
in adults organisms , the stem cells act as a repair system for the body , replenished in adult tissues , stem cells can differentiate into all the specialized cells , but in adult tissues .
stem cells are found in all multicellular organisms , that can divide through mitosis and differentiate into diverse specialized cell types and can self renew to produce more stem cells .
research of stem cells grew out of findings by ernest a. mcculloch and james e. till at the university of toronto in the 1960s .
when she was born 17 may 1971 , he was born 17 may 1971 -rrb- .
princess mã xima and prince willem-alexander were married on february 2 , 2002 in a civil ceremony in the beurs van berlage , amsterdam which was then followed by a religious ceremony at the nieuwe kerk -lrb- also in amsterdam -rrb- .
the news of the couple 's relationship and eventual marriage plans caused controversy in the netherlands .
this is an important annual event , to which many people from other countries come and dress in typical spanish andalusian costume shaped via a team .
mã xima 's father had been the minister of agriculture during the regime of former argentine president jorge rafael videla , a military dictator who ruled argentina from 1976 to 1981 .
bulgakov died on march 10 , 1940 .
the prince of mã xima met the heir to the dutch throne in april 1999 . he was also known as the `` feria de abril de sevilla . ''
the couple announced their engagement on 30 march 2001 .
approval for the wedding .
princess mã xima is also godmother to two royal babies of norway .
however , the research determined that mã xima 's father had not been directly involved with the many deaths in question .
princess mã xima addressed the nation in fluent dutch during the directly televised broadcast on the occasion of the engagement .
the second names of all three of their daughters are after dutch queens : amalia 's friend , queen beatrix .
luã s boa-morte -lrb- born 4 august 1977 -rrb- is a portuguese football player . he plays for west ham united and portugal national team .
labeuvriã re is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
total depravity -lrb- also called absolute inability , radical corruption , total corruption , or augustinianism -rrb- is a theological doctrine that derives from the braincase concept of original sin .
it is the teaching that , as a consequence of the fall of man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , not to accept salvation as it is offered .
it is also unrelated to various degrees by many protestant texts of faith and catechisms .
a wind farm is a group of wind turbines in the same location used for production of electric power .
the club 's name was changed to inverness caledonian thistle and in 1996 at the request of inverness district council , who had contributed â # abbreviation towards the development of caledonian stadium .
the weft thread is wound for a long time .
cilia occur in all members of the group -lrb- although the peculiar suctoria only have them for part of the life-cycle -rrb- and are variously used in swimming , crawling , attachment , feeding , and sensation .
mousavi served as the president of the iranian academy of arts until 2009 when conservative authorities removed him .
in the early years of the revolution , mousavi was the editor-in-chief of the official newspaper of the islamic republican party , the islamic republic newspaper .
he is also a member of the expediency discernment council and the high council of cultural revolution .
the single reached # 3 in the uk becoming her third three hit three hit .
they are a group of protozoans organelles called cilia , which are identical in structure to flagella but typically shorter and present in much larger numbers with a different undulating pattern than flagella .
gulfport is also the east coast home to the us navy seabees .
much of gulfport was also severely damaged by hurricane camille on august 17 , 1969 .
on august 29th , gulfport was hit by the strong east side of hurricane katrina .
it is the biggest city in the united states of america .
the cupro-nickel 5 , 10 and 50 halala followed in 1972 .
jesper grã nkjã r -lrb- born 12 august 1977 -rrb- is a danish football player .
shigemitsu national football team is the national football team of solomon .
to get to the second bunk a ladder is used , though taller children often find other faster , more creative methods .
bunk beds are normally supported by four poles or pillars .
a futon bunk is also arranged like a standard bunk except the lower bunk will be a western-style futon , which converts into a bed rather than a standard mattress .
nags head is a town in the county of the state of north carolina with the united states .
the prosencephalon -lrb- midbrain -rrb- , or rhombencephalon , is a portions of the brain during early development of the central nervous system .
when the embryonic prosencephalon fails to divide the brain into two lobes , it results in a condition called holoprosencephaly .
the women 's suffrage movement began with the 1848 seneca falls convention , organized by elizabeth cady stanton and lucretia mott , and the declaration of sentiments demanding equal rights for women .
`` maxwell 's silver hammer '' is my analogy for when something goes back out of the blue , as it only does , as i was beginning to find out at that time in my life . ''
whelks are mostly found in temperate and tropical waters , and the majority of them have historically been used by humans for food .
edgar douglas adrian -lrb- born september 30 , 1889 -rrb- -lrb- november 4 , 1889 -- august 4 , 1977 -rrb- was a british electrophysiologist and winner of the 1932 nobel prize for physiology , winning jointly with sir charles sherrington for work on the function of neurons .
since the advent of a centralised cast , known as `` the steam team , '' in 2004 , the show has featured eight main characters .
charles iv married his first cousin maria louisa , the daughter of philip , duke of parma , in 1765 .
giraldo was a regular on comedy central 's television series lewis black 's root of all evil .
after he failed to appear for a scheduled performance at the stress factory , police officers found him in his hotel room at the hyatt hotel in new brunswick , new jersey , and rushed him to nearby robert wood johnson university hospital .
on march 18 , 2011 , comedy central aired made it up for greg giraldo , a one-hour television special events his memory in which multiple comedians , including jon stewart , nick swardson , colin lyman , denis leary , and conan o'brien , talked about his life , career , and memories of him .
greg giraldo -lrb- december 10 , 1965 - september 29 , 2010 -rrb- was an american comedian and television personality .
he died on september 29 , 2010 .
jacob benjamin `` jake '' gyllenhaal -lrb- born december 19 , 1980 -rrb- is an american actor .
he played against type as a frustrated marine in jarhead -lrb- 2005 -rrb- .
as ellis says , we are to speak jesus ' words , think his thoughts , and do his deeds .
in the 2004 science-fiction film the day after tomorrow he portrayed a student caught in a cataclysmic global cooling event , alongside dennis quaid as his father .
he has appeared in many different roles since his first lead role in 1999 , and the 2001 indie cult in . he played a psychologically troubled .
jasial is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of talagang tehsil and is located at 33 â 1 ' 40n 72 â 23 ' 34e .
magnoliids -lrb- or magnoliidae -rrb- are a group of about 9,000 species of flowering plants , including magnolias , nutmeg , bay laurel , cinnamon , or black pepper .
they are characterized by trimerous flowers , pollen with one pore , and usually branching-veined leaves .
let us now appear the arc for the ten coming years from now .
but what we must never forget , is that this change of country and landscape sharpened , also and knitted became able to speak out from this new land ... our task lies in the use that we make and will make of this gleaming vehicle ... ''
see you , sirs , where the point shall be , outside in the blue sky high over bloemfontein , in the year 1924 .
the afrikaans language is the second of the afrikaans language to afrikaans , western cape province , south africa .
the washington nationals are a major league baseball team in washington , d.c. .
the nationals are a member of the eastern division of the national league of major league baseball -lrb- mlb -rrb- .
they were the first of several classes of british rail emu to be based on the imposition mark 3 bodyshell .
the mark 3 bodyshell was also the basis of class 318 , class 450 , and the diesel class 150 .
takahiro oshima -lrb- born 11 june 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for kashiwa reysol .
noboru kohara -lrb- born 22 july 1983 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
where denssqmi and denskm2 are the density values to be displayed -lrb- one may be blank for automatic conversion if the other is numeric ; or they may be set to auto for automatic luck if pop and the corresponding area ... parameter are present -rrb- .
other parameters are taken from .
whether the metric or imperial value is displayed first depends on the value of subdivision_name -lrb- usually the country name -rrb- and unit_pref -lrb- which can be set to imperial to force imperial-first display -rrb- .
the soviet period produced a large number of modern marches incorporating both russian themes and structure reminiscent of dutch marches .
examples of the varied use of the march can be found in beethoven 's eroica symphony , in the alhambra militaires bre in chopin 's sonata in b flat minor , and in the dead march in johann 's saul .
early music originates from the military , and marches are usually played by a marching band .
as a result , tape drives have very slow average seek times .
lochner was awarded the 1939 pulitzer prize for correspondence for his reporting from nazi germany in berlin .
the range of such variances in ordinary life , where even considering space travel , are not great enough to produce easily detectable time dilation effects and such vanishingly small effects can be safely ignored .
which says the fact that for the moving observer the period of the clock is longer than in the frame of the clock itself .
about 1 â `` t is the time interval .
it is only when an object approaches speeds on the order of 30,000 km\/s -lrb- 1\/10 the speed of light -rrb- that time dilation becomes important .
le parcq is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
a home warranty protects against the high costs of home and banquet repair by offering home warranty coverage for houses , town homes , condominiums , mobile homes , and new construction homes .
however , this period is often overlooked where there is an `` extended warranty '' in which a seller or maker contracts to provide the additional service of replacing or repairing goods that fail within the extended period .
extended warranties are not usually provided through the manufacturer but are extended through independent administrators .
for example , an auto warranty is provided through a car dealership , where vehicle repairs are negotiated to a lower rate , often compromising the service , where vehicle repairs are negotiated to a lower rate , often compromising the service , labor and parts to a lower standard .
ben shalom -lrb- born december 13 , 1953 -rrb- is an american author , chairman of the united states federal reserve .
in 1940 , the `` german carousel '' , two miniature steam locomotives , the `` little auto ride '' , and the `` ferris wheel '' were added .
kiddieland started out as a small venture of arthur fritz in 1929 . he purchased six ponies and offered rides as an escape for parents from the great depression .
the park continued its expansion and installed several major attractions , including a log flume , a swinging pirate , a swinging pirate ship , a 40 f long water coaster , and numerous other attractions .
the out-and-back fi is 24 f tall and travels a course of 700 f. it was awarded the ace coaster classic award by the american coaster enthusiasts .
the park saw its first major expansion in the 1950s with the addition of the little dipper and the carousel , of which both still exist today .
sligo is a town in the northern part of england .
`` in the past i may have written tongue-in-cheek , like ` maxwell 's silver hammer ' , and dealt with matters of fate in a kind of 4-d , parody manner .
fructose is made from glucose or galactose for galactose with sugar .
disaccharides are formed when two monosaccharides are joined together .
williamsburg is a city of virginia in the united states .
spencer met spencer 's while filming the crossing .
the coachella valley music and arts festival is a -lrb- commonly known as coachella or coachella festival -rrb- . it is a set of art and arts festival .
gonzalo amaro -lrb- born 9 october 1979 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for girondins brazil .
la voulte-sur-rh ã ne is a commune in the ardã che dã partement in southern france .
water balloons are thin , small rubber balloons with water instead of air . water balloons can be easily broken .
in modern times , the monumental dialectological atlas of the russian language -lrb- ð '' ð ð ð ð ð ñ ð 3\/4 ð '' ð 3\/4 ð ð ñ ð ð ð ð ð ë lê é kté lé -rrb- , was published in three folio books .
from its peak in the 1980s , the leadbeater 's possum population is expected to further decline rapidly , by as much as 90 % .
in the second half of the 19th century , dahl was , in the second half of the 19th century . it was at that time applied definitions to all the orthodox eastern slavic subjects of the empire , as well as to its official language , should be with the `` spirit of the language '' .
so , ñ ð ð ð '' ñ -lrb- `` heron '' -rrb- has been recorded as ' ñ ð ð ð '' ñ ' .
after the death of kasia , the last prisoner leadbeater 's semi-finals , at toronto zoo in january 2010 -lrb- the last australian specimen held at healesville sanctuary having died in may 2006 -rrb- , there are now no leadbeater 's possums in captivity .
leandro teixeira -lrb- born 17 august 1987 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
his campaigns of reconquest culminated in the battle of kadesh , where he led egyptian armies against those of the hittite king muwatalli ii and was caught in history 's first recorded military ambush , but thanks to the arrival of battle against the hittites .
they live in small family colonies of up to 24 individuals , usually a breeding pair , and sometimes an unrelated extra male or two .
one of the best-known 18th dynasty pharaohs is twinned iv , who changed his name to akhenaten in honor of the aten and whose exclusive worship of the aten is often interpreted as history 's first instance of monotheism .
after a teneral period of several days , the adults become reproductively active and are able to reproduce again , although they may become reproductively quiescent if eclosing late in the season .
mechanical stimulation -lrb- such as by predator attack -rrb- causes `` reflex bleeding '' in both larval and adult ladybird beetles , in which an justify toxin is exuded through the joints of the exoskeleton .
this phenomenon is called aposematism and works because predators learn by experience to associate certain prey phenotypes with a bad taste -lrb- or worse -rrb- .
oscar alfredo ustari -lrb- born 3 july 1986 -rrb- is an argentine football player . he plays for getafe .
the game continues , with the first team to score 25 points -lrb- and be two points ahead -rrb- awarded the set .
when the player also slides his or her hand under a ball that is almost touching the court , this is called a `` pancake '' .
there are digging for the ball from touching one 's court after a spike or attack , particularly a ball that is nearly touching the ground .
to get play started , a team is chosen to serve by coin , .
a player may sometimes perform a `` dive '' , i.e. , throw his or her body in the air with a forward movement in the air with a forward movement in an attempt to save the ball , and land on his or her chest .
in many aspects , this skill is similar to passing , or bump : overhand dig and bump are also used to distinguish between defensive actions taken with fingertips or with joined arms .
bruno loerzer -lrb- 22 january 1891 - 23 august 1960 -rrb- was an officer in the german luftstreitkrã fte during world war ii .
beyond the last mountain -lrb- 1976 -rrb- is a pakistani english language film directed and written by javed jabbar .
pakistanâ s first and only english language movie , which was shown at the first bombay international film festival in 1976 .
mattias jonson -lrb- born 16 january 1974 -rrb- is a swedish football player .
he has played 57 games and scored nine goals for the sweden national football team .
elizabeth devereaux in her review for publishers weekly said this novel `` neatly blends the humor and frustrations of growing up in a large family . ''
the whole family work together to build josh a ladder and deliver it on christmas morning .
dad removes the shoe , smooths down the pudding and swears the children to secrecy .
cliff 's brother is always rushed .
the mapped distribution of the leadbeater 's possum exactly matches the area burnt in the kilmore east murrundindi rubicon media map of the fires .
fig pudding is written using an episodic plot style .
it was recommended as one of the ten best books of 1995 by the american library association .
fig pudding is a young adult novel by ralph fletcher , first published in 1995 .
the family spends the next christmas at a resort trying to adjust to the loss of brad but the trip does not seem to work .
chris sherman in his review for booklist said that `` fletcher captures perfectly the humor , irritations , and sadness of life in a large , close-knit family and makes cliff a sympathetic and thoughtful narrator , occasionally bewildered by his siblings ' antics but always a completely believable older brother .
they all keep a straight face until uncle eddie says that the fig pudding is the best ever and asks dad if he has added some new ingredient .
when they arrive at the party josh accidentally steps into the party josh accidentally steps into the special fig pudding that they were bringing .
their spirits rise during a new year 's party at aunt pat 's house .
medical thermometers such as mercury-in-glass thermometers , infrared thermometers , pill thermometers , and liquid crystal trees are used within health care to determine if individuals have a fever or are hypothermic .
thermometers are used in the production of candy .
haaltert is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
examples of helium are fluorine .
argon is a chemical element . it has the chemical symbol ar .
examples of helium are 18 elements .
examples of these are 1.28 % by volume of the earth 's atmosphere , and air is the primary raw material used by industry to produce purification argon products .
the repression accelerated in june and july 1794 , a period called `` la grande terreur '' -lrb- the great terror -rrb- , and ended in the coup of 9 thermidor year ii -lrb- 27 july 1794 -rrb- , the so-called `` thermidorian reaction '' , in which several leaders of the reign of terror were executed , including saint-just and robespierre .
below is the list of wikipedia articles about american basketball players who have played for the boston celtics nba team .
we still use that expression now when something unexpected happens . ''
after that time on , the fear that it might be extinct gradually grew into near-certainty after the swamps and wetlands in australia around bass river in south-west gippsland .
tnt is a norwegian band from trondheim , formed in 1982 .
according to both sources , he sent yamatotakeru to izumo province and eastern provinces to conquer the area and spread his territory .
the 29th emperor of japan according to the traditional order of succession , is the first for which contemporary historiography are able to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of emperor kammu -lrb- 737 -rrb- .
the carbon footprint of carbon footprints , such as solar or wind energy or reforestation , shows one way of reducing a carbon footprint and is often known as carbon offsetting .
the carbon footprint is an allotrope of the human footprint system .
takashi hirano -lrb- born 15 july 1974 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
karel poborskã 1\/2 -lrb- born 30 march 1972 -rrb- is a former czech football player .
ernest jennings ford -lrb- february 13 , 1919 - october 17 , 1991 -rrb- was an american pop singer .
from 1962-65 , ford hosted a daytime talk\/variety show , the tennessee ernie & show -lrb- later known as hello , peapickers -rrb- from kgo-tv in san francisco , broadcast over the abc network .
it received special recognition for his gospel music contributions by adding him to the gospel music association 's gospel music hall of fame in 1994 .
as a boy , he worked in a ceramic factory where his drawing talents led to him being chosen to paint designs on fine china .
around 1892 , renoir developed rheumatoid arthritis .
the wrapping of his hands with bandages , apparent in late photographs of the artist , served to prevent skin irritation .
he worked during the last twenty years of his life .
in the later period onward he concentrated especially on monumental nudes and domestic scenes , fine examples of which are girls at the piano , 1892 , and grandes baigneuses .
it has often been reported that in the advanced stages of his arthritis , he painted by having a brush strapped to his paralyzed fingers , but this is a mistake .
after 1890 , however , he changed direction again , returning to thinly brushed color to dissolve outlines as in his earlier work .
after his marriage , renoir painted many scenes of his wife and daily family life , including their children and their nurse , aline 's cousin gabrielle renard .
the painting shows an open-air scene , crowded with people , at a popular dance garden on the butte montmartre , close to where he lived .
in 1907 , he moved to the warmer climate of `` les collettes , '' a farm at cagnes-sur-mer , close to the mediterranean coast .
when he sees the possums 's possums , possums are very vulnerable to owls .
he developed progressive 12,750 in his hands and ankylosis of his right shoulder , requiring him to adapt his painting technique .
in 1890 , he married kunigunde victorine charigot , who , along with a number of the artist 's friends , had already served as a model for le dã jeuner des canotiers -lrb- luncheon of the boating party , 1881 -rrb- , and with whom he already had a child , pierre , in 1885 .
the renoirs had three sons , one of whom , jean , became a filmmaker of note and another .
the warm sensuality of renoir 's style made his paintings some of the most well-known and frequently-reproduced works in the history of art .
in the late 1860s , through the practice of painting light and water en plein live -lrb- in the open air -rrb- , he and his friend claude wharf discovered that the color of shadows is not brown or black .
he died on december 3 , 1989 in the , south africa .
renoir also used a moving canvas , or picture roll , to facilitate painting large works with his limited joint mobility .
during this period , he created sculptures by tchaikovsky with a young artist , richard guino , who worked the clay .
makoto kakegawa -lrb- born 23 may 1973 -rrb- is a former japanese football player . he has played for shimizu s-pulse .
the bridge was nationalised in 1878 and given to the metropolitan board of works , who removed the toll from it .
in 1844 thomas hood wrote the poem the bridge of sighs about the suicide of a high-class there .
during the 1840s the bridge gained a reputation as a popular place for suicide attempts .
waterloo bridge is a road traffic and foot bridge crossing the river thames in london between blackfriars bridge and harwich bridge .
edã lson da silva -lrb- born 17 september 1971 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
the city is served by sultan mahmud badaruddin ii airport which has flights flights to many cities in indonesia and malaysia by silk air and malaysia by sriwijaya air .
following a 1025 raid by the chola empire -lrb- in the period of emperor rajendra chola i -rrb- of southern india it began to gradually decline in importance .
misuse , defacement and destruction of such symbols is considered an offence in many countries .
shingo bhutto -lrb- born 13 january 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
incourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the medieval warm period -lrb- mwp -rrb- or medieval climate was a time of warm climate in the north atlantic region , that may also have been related to other climate events .
asexual reproduction is not , however , limited to single-celled organisms .
voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- is the official external radio and television broadcasting service of the united states federal government .
once the portal of entry , may be seen extensive gardens in the french style in the midst of fountains , waterfalls and lakes , and the main greenhouse of 458 square meters , which shelters in its interior , copies plants characteristic of tropical regions .
behind the greenhouse is the museum of franz krajcberg , the polish brazilian artist who took up the cause of environmental conservation ; with 1,320 square meters of area , divided into multimedia and reliefs , as well as photographs , videos , publications and educational exhibitions .
the main greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th crystal structure .
in 1864 he became the hofkapellmeister .
however , the status of leadbeater 's possum is in even more doubt following the disastrous bushfires that swept its only known habitat on black saturday in february 2009 .
he conducted the first performances of two wagner operas , tristan join isolde and die meistersinger von nã 1\/4 rnberg .
however , his wife cosima retired from being carrying on an extramarital affair with richard wagner for some time , left him in 1868 and that he had no one daughters .
because andrewsarchus is only known from a single skull , whether it was an active predator , merely a large scavenger is open to debate , as is its exact time range .
andrewsarchus mongoliensis -lrb- greek á 1\/4 á 1\/4 ï ï ï ï , `` ruler '' -rrb- , was a mammal that lived during the eocene epoch , roughly between 45 and 36 million years ago .
it had a long snout with large , sharp teeth and flat cheek teeth that may have been used to crush bones .
autonoe is about 4 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 24,264 mm in 772.168 days , at an inclination of 151 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 150 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.369 .
leadbeater 's possums can be moderately common within the very small areas they inhabit : their requirement for year-round food supplies and tree-holes .
backlogs which require the attention of administrators may be found at : category : administrative backlog .
in this episode , homer loses simpson is mistaken for a `` free thinking intimate '' and sent to a mental institution , where he shares a room with a large white man named leon kompowsky who pretends to be michael jackson .
they are also called the `` an asset is a resource controlled by the enterprise as a result of past events and from which future economic benefits are expected to flow to the enterprise .
this enables the coordinates to appear no matter what skin you 're in .
title -lrb- optional -rrb- alternate text to be placed in title box , defaults to `` links to related articles '' .
the most magnificent run in the area , called the logging run in state forest between the yarra ranges national park and mount bullfight conservation reserve in february 2006 , lead to the deaths of most possums in the area - adult animals have a strong vertebrae with their home range and are reluctant to move .
the hakha chin is a language spoken by 446,264 people .
births are usually timed -lrb- i -rrb- for the beginning of winter -lrb- may and june -rrb- or late spring -lrb- october and november -rrb- .
renewable energy can also contribute to education , by providing electricity to schools .
most developing countries have abundant renewable energy resources , including solar energy , wind power , geothermal energy , and biomass , as well as the ability to manufacture the relatively labor-intensive systems that use these .
for an investment of as little as $ 100 for the panel and wiring , the pv system can be used to charge a car battery , which can then provide power to run a fluorescent lamp or a small television for a few hours a day .
by developing such energy sources developing countries can reduce their need on oil and natural gas , creating energy accuracy that are less vulnerable to price rises .
interest in renewable energies has increased in recent years due to environmental concerns about global warming and air pollution , reduced costs of renewable energy technologies , and improved efficiency and reliability .
their diet is omnivorous : they take a range of saps and exudates , lerps , and a high proportion of arthropods which they find under the loose bark of eucalypts : spiders , eaters , beetles , and the like .
in rural and remote areas , transmission and distribution of energy generated from fossil fuels can be difficult and expensive .
steven jerome pienaar -lrb- born 17 march 1982 -rrb- is a south african football player .
according to chessvariants.com -lrb- an israeli intelligence website -rrb- , his intention with the 11 march 2004 madrid attacks was to damage spain 's `` psyche '' in order to influence elections and to start a domino effect which would eventually affect britain 's tony blair , italy 's silvio berlusconi , and the united states president george w. bush .
the race of 2003 , while secretly traveling undetected to pakistan and saudi arabia , abu hafiza recruited al qaeda fighters for the battles in fallujah .
he again secretly traveled undetected to pakistan , and in the fall of 2003 , this time to the mountains of waziristan , where he met osama bin laden and ayman al-zawahiri to propose strategies for al qaeda 's 2004 campaign .
les esseintes is a commune .
katsuhiro minamoto -lrb- born 2 july 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the main matches on the undercard featured triple h versus the undertaker , the second tables , ladders , and chairs match for the wwf tag team championship , and vince mcmahon versus shane mcmahon in a street fight .
wrestlemania x-seven was the seventeenth yearly wrestlemania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by the world wrestling federation -lrb- wwf -rrb- .
the hanyu shuiping kaoshi , known as hsk , is the people 's republic of china 's only standardized test of modern english language .
there are many intervention intervention , and assuming that a reduced population could have survived that long , natural tree hollows were expected to develop in the black friday new as the trees reached about 150 years of age in the second half of the 21st century , and numbers to begin climbing again .
it translates literally to `` chinese proficiency test '' .
these ties to the norwegian parliament were later weakened so that the committee became more independent .
the norwegian labor party , which controlled a simple majority of seats in the norwegian parliament , this controlled a simple majority of seats in the norwegian parliament .
six weeks later , on august 2 , 1988 , carver died in port angeles , washington , from lung cancer at the age of 50 .
in ensuing years , the house became so popular that the couple had to hang a sign outside that read `` writers at work '' in order to be left alone .
in june 1957 , aged 19 , he married 16-year-old maryann burk , who had just graduated from a private episcopal school for girls .
carver 's mother worked as a waitress and a retail clerk .
carver supported his family by working as a janitor , sawmill laborer , delivery man , and library assistant .
carver believed he would have died of alcoholism at the age of 40 if he had n't found a way to stop drinking .
his mother-in-law had a home in paradise , where he had moved to the family because his mother-in-law had a home in paradise .
in his spare time he read mostly novels by mickey spillane or publications such as sports dante and outdoor life and hunted and fished with friends and family .
carver in his first book , the sculptor donatello , the first book of poems , near klamath , was later written and published under schmitz 's guidance .
in the same year , he was added into the american academy of arts and letters .
i do n't know why it was silver , it just sounded better than maxwell 's hammer .
the parameter may contain templates , images , etc. , if a block needs to be wrapped in this template and contains such elements .
in 1980 , the two moved to syracuse , where gallagher had been appointed the coordinator of the creative writing program at syracuse university .
he worked there until he was fired in 1970 for his inappropriate writing style .
during this period he was first published and served as editor for toyon , the university literary magazine , in which he included several of his own pieces under pseudonyms .
his father , a skilled sawmill worker arkansas , was a fisherman and a heavy drinker .
by his own admission , eventually he more or less gave up writing and took to full-time drinking .
with his appearance in the respected `` foley collection , '' the impending publication of near klamath by the english club of sacramento state college , and the death of his father , 1967 was a landmark year for carver .
when he knew the cancer would kill him , he wrote a poem about that bonus of 10 years , called `` gravy . ''
in 1982 , carver and first wife , maryann , were divorced .
he married tyres in 1988 in reno , nevada .
in the fall semester of 1973 , carver was a teacher in the iowa writers ' workshop with john cheever with john cheever , but carver stated that they did less teaching than drinking and almost no writing .
during their marriage , maryann worked as a waitress , salesperson , administrative assistant , and high school english teacher .
during his years of working different jobs , rearing children , and trying to write , carver started to drink heavily .
the next year , after leaving iowa city , cheever went to a treatment center to attempt to overcome his alcoholism , but carver continued drinking for three years .
in the 1970s and 1980s he began to take off , sculptor taught for several years at universities in the united states .
chuck and larry then marry in canada and moved in together .
throughout the rest of 2006 , the futureheads started their own record label , nul records , and started working on songs for their next album .
the song `` decent days and nights '' from the album was featured in the video game soundtrack to burnout 3 on playstation 2 and xbox as well as ea 's rugby 2005 .
in june , 2007 , they said completed work on their third album , this is not the world , which was released in may , 2008 .
the second single from their album `` radio heart '' was released on may 19 , and featured in the game colin mcrae 's dirt 2 .
the band went to the united states and later supported the pixies , foo fighters and snow patrol .
dave was left with nothing , forcing him to take up the drums .
on february 21 , 2005 , `` hounds of love '' , a cover of a kate bush song , was released as a single .
he also revealed that the band was close to splitting during the time after the second album was released .
the futureheads played their first concert at ashbrooke cricket and rugby club in december , 2000 .
the coca-cola championship trophy is a football league which is top division in canada .
the first electric passenger trains ran in 1914 , on the west london line route -lrb- district to earls court -rrb- , but full services over the whole network did not start until 1922 , work having been delayed by the first world war by the world war .
the rest of the album was produced by paul epworth .
the first single from the album was `` skip to the end '' released on may 15 .
the new wave music band is influenced by new wave and post-punk bands such as devo , xtc , wire , and the post-hardcore fugazi .
during 1909-1922 the london and north western railway went on a project to electrify their london inner-suburban network , including the lines from london euston to watford and the north london railway from london broad street , and links to what was to become the london underground network .
they used the sunderland city detached youth project building . brewis and hyde worked as a free practice space .
they first performed in 2000 , and through word-of-mouth their reputation in the local area grew .
the stand-alone ep , area was released in november , 2005 . the band was working on their second album news and tributes -lrb- name inspired by the munich air disaster in 1958 -rrb- , which , according to nme in february , 2006 , took only five weeks to produce .
in 2009 the band played at the biggest open-air festival in europe -lrb- 400,000 - 500,000 rock fans every year -rrb- - przystanek woodstock in poland .
in december 2007 the band released a video of them walking around carnaby street , london to the single `` the beginning of the twist '' .
in november , 2009 , the band allowed fans to download a new free track , `` struck dumb '' , for a period of two weeks .
their name comes from the title of the flaming lips album by hit death in the future head .
os\/2 is a computer operating system , originally created by microsoft .
the jewish cemetery of besanã on is a jewish cemetery located in the french city of besanã on .
fastest hiroyama -lrb- born 6 may 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the hyundai sonata is a mid-size car made by hyundai motor company maker .
schwetzingen claims to be the `` incense capital of the world '' and holds an annual spargelfest -lrb- 928 festival -rrb- in which an asparagus queen is crowned .
lorenz officinalis is widely known simply as `` bellwether '' , and may be confused with unrelated plant species also known as `` amicable '' , such as ornithogalum pyrenaicum known as `` prussian isolates '' for its edible shoots .
lorenz officinalis is a spring vegetable , a flowering perennial plant species in the genus asparagus .
it is in the gospels , but that the analogy between the latin vulgate and the syriac vulgate can be established by evidence .
the old testament of the peshitta was translated from the hebrew hebrew book probably in the 2nd century ad .
it is named by hope street , grand avenue , 1st and 2nd streets .
in most countries , an unincorporated association does not have separate legal personality , and few members of the association usually enjoy limited liability .
these are divided for profit or financial gain are usually called partnerships .
-lrb- 2 -rrb- no one may be compelled to belong to an association .
however , in some countries they are treated as having separate legal personality for tax purposes .
associations may take the form of a non-profit organization or they may be not-for-profit corporations ; this does not mean that the association can not make benefits from its activity , but all the benefits must be reinvested .
strictly speaking in many jurisdictions no formalities are necessary to start an association .
most associations have some kind of document or documents that regulate the way in which the body meets and operates .
some people say that the association register and the association register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association 's existence .
at an elevation of engraving m , it is the highest point in both the kingdom of the netherlands , and , since the dissolution of the netherlands antilles on 10 october 2010 , the highest point in the netherlands proper .
union -lrb- also called a voluntary organization , unincorporated association , or just an association -rrb- is a group of individuals who enter into an agreement as volunteers to form a body -lrb- or organization -rrb- to the purpose of a purpose .
such an instrument is often called the organization 's bylaws , regulations , or agreement of association .
article 20 -lrb- 1 -rrb- everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and association .
he plays for urawa red diamonds .
masaki tsuchihashi -lrb- born 23 july 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
cerdon is a commune .
the feeling was still strong that none had a right to rule over western asia until he had been took to the office by bel and his priests .
one of the first acts of cyrus accordingly was to allow these exiles to return to their own homes , carrying with them the images of their god and their sacred vessels .
the invasion of babylonia by cyrus was doubtless made by the existence of a disaffected party in the state , as well as by the presence of foreign forced exiles like the jews , who had been planted in the midst of the country .
mount scenery is a volcano in the south of netherlands .
cyrus did not arrive until the 3rd of marchesvan -lrb- october -rrb- , having acted for him in his absence .
naoki chiba -lrb- born 24 june 1983 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the prayer of manasseh is a short work of 15 verses of the penitential prayer of lille .
the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- is an organization that is used to make a very peaceful energy . the use of nuclear energy is to make a very peaceful energy .
spurgeon was the pastor of the congregation of the septuagint .
often spurgeon 's wife was too ill to hear him spread .
the following year the first of his sermons in the `` new park street pulpit '' was published .
this fred became spurgeon 's child care which still exists today .
on january 8 1856 , spurgeon married susannah , daughter of robert thompson of falcon square , london , by whom he had twin sons , charles and thomas born on september 20 , 1856 .
he was often recuperated at menton , near nice , france , where he eventually died on 1892 january 31 .
it took the name from spurgeon 's use of the term `` downgrade '' to describe certain mustelids ' outlook toward the bible .
c.h. spurgeon , too , suffered ill health toward the end of his life , afflicted by a combination of rheumatism , gout , and bright 's disease .
there was an active economical life at the end of 19th century : saldus st. john 's church .
jo nakajima -lrb- born 3 july 1980 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
masayuki yanagisawa -lrb- born 27 june 1979 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for yokohama .
wrexham football club is an english football club .
it houses and protects the spinal cord in its spinal canal .
on march 28 , 2005 , atlanta-based turner broadcasting split adult swim from cartoon network so nielsen media research could treat it as a separate channel for ratings purposes .
the adult swim for adult swim is similar to adult swim , usually written as [adultswim.com .
occasionally they consume humans and human bodies , digging up bodies from shallow graves . this habit of raiding graves caused the villagers of komodo to move their graves from sandy to clay ground and pile rocks on top of them to deter the lizards .
the scales around the ears , lips , chin , and soles of the feet may have three or more sensory plaques .
although pakistan had become independent from britain in 1947 , it was not until 1978 that the name attock was adopted for the city .
because of their slow metabolism , large dragons can survive on as little as 12 meals a year .
instead , it drinks by taking a mouthful of water , lifting its head , and letting the water run down its throat .
the dragon 's nostrils are not of great use for smelling , as the animal does not have a diaphragm .
they are capable of running rapidly in brief sprints up to 20 kilometres per hour -lrb- 35,838 mph -rrb- , diving up to 4.5 metres -lrb- 15 ft -rrb- , and climbing trees proficiently when young through use of their strong claws .
because the komodo dragon does not have a diaphragm , it can not suck water when drinking , nor can it lap water with its tongue .
a very powerful forelimbs were over 1 â `` 3 metres -lrb- 3 â `` 10 ft -rrb- wide with its powerful forelimbs and claws .
komodo dragons eat by tearing large chunks of flesh and swallowing them whole while holding the carcass down with their forelegs .
bronstein was bitten on his bare foot .
in may 2009 , there were 13 european , 2 african , 35 north american , 1 singaporean , and 2 australian institutions that keep komodo dragons .
in the end , the surfer stands for the surfer forward , the surfer stands up and proceeds to ride the basic so it is just ahead of the breaking part -lrb- white water -rrb- of the wave .
for smaller prey , it can be reduced to the size of a goat , their speed , which is slightly different from the body .
komodo dragons are solitary , coming together only to breed .
the komodo dragon uses its tongue to detect , taste , and smell .
under appendix i of schleicher -lrb- the convention on international trade in endangered species -rrb- , commercial trade of skins or specimens is illegal .
to prevent itself from suffocating while swallowing , it breathes using a small tube under the tongue that connects to the lungs .
with the help of a favorable wind and its habit of swinging its head from side to side as it walks , komodo dragons .
after eating up to 80 percent of its body weight in one meal , it drags itself to a sunny location to speed digestion , as the food could rot and poison the dragon if left body .
it is able to see as far away as 300 m , but because its retinas only contain cones , it is thought to have poor night vision .
copious amounts of red saliva that the komodo dragons produce help to lubricate the food , but swallowing is still a long process -lrb- 15 â `` 20 minutes to swallow a goat -rrb- .
the komodo dragon is able to see color , but has poor visual discrimination of stationary objects .
the komodo dragon 's diet is wide-ranging , and includes invertebrates between other reptiles and birds .
to the natives of komodo island , it is referred to as ora , buaya darat -lrb- land crocodile -rrb- or biawak raksasa -lrb- giant monitor -rrb- .
after regurgitating the gastric pellet , it rubs its face in the dirt or on bushes of get rid of the mucus .
it only has a few taste buds in the back of its throat .
as the sun rotates once in about 27 days , the magnetic field moved into the solar wind gets wrapped into a spiral .
for the first ten billion kilometres of its radius , the solar wind travels at over a million kilometers per hour .
the solar wind is in the same magnetic fields .
in march 2005 , it was reported that measurements by the solar wind anisotropies -lrb- swan -rrb- instrument onboard the solar and heliospheric observatory -lrb- soho -rrb- have shown that the heliosphere , the solar wind-filled volume which prevents the solar system from becoming embedded in the local galactic system .
in 2006 he announced his intention to contest the gordon constituency in the 2007 scottish parliament election , an election in which salmond defeated the incumbent msp and in which nationally , the snp emerged as the biggest single party .
paul mccartney commented : `` the only arguments were about things like me spending three days on maxwell 's silver hammer .
nader said that john kerry wanted to work to win nader 's support and the support of nader 's voters .
even though these made neutral atoms , they do go to this bubble , and by the sun itself .
the heliosphere is a rotating in space `` blown '' up into space , and the helium .
variations in the sun 's magnetic field are carried outward by the solar wind and can produce magnetic storms in the earth 's own magnetosphere .
the point where the solar wind slows down is the termination shock ; the point where the interstellar medium and solar wind pressures balance is called the heliopause ; the point where the interstellar medium , accepts down as it collides with the heliosphere is the bow shock .
lashley attended missouri valley college where he won three national college amateur wrestling championships between 1996 and 1998 .
on june 3 at one night stand , lashley defeated vince mcmahon in a street fight to win the ecw world championship for a second reign despite interference by shane mcmahon and umaga in the match , making lashley the first man to win the ecw world championship twice since wwe reactivated the title .
on september 23 , 2005 , lashley made his televised wwe debut as a face on smackdown !
in mid-2005 lashley appeared at four live events , wrestling in dark matches for both the raw and smackdown !
in 1997 and 1998 , he was the national association of intercollegiate athletics -lrb- naia -rrb- national wrestling champion .
legend says that about two thousand years ago , emperor suinin ordered his daughter , princess yamatohime-no-mikoto , to set out and find a good permanent location to set ceremonies for amaterasu , the sun goddess .
the 29th emperor of japan according to the traditional order of succession , is the first for which contemporary historiography are able to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of emperor kammu -lrb- 737 -rrb- .
there are more than sixteen people in the town of ise .
klaas-jan huntelaar -lrb- born 12 august 1983 -rrb- is a dutch football player . he plays for schalke and netherlands national team .
hestrus is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
several of the species transmit important human diseases and one species , boogie-woogie albopictus , is the most invasive mosquito in the world .
aedes is a genus of mosquito originally found in tropical and subtropical zones , but has spread by human activity to all continents improving antarctica .
the name comes from the ancient greek was `` sleepy '' , which means `` unpleasant '' or `` odious '' .
however , by 1902 punnett was back at cambridge working in zoology , primarily the study of worms , specifically nemerteans .
during world war i , punnett successfully applied his expertise to the problem of the early determination of gender in chickens .
punnett 's work in this area was in the alps in poultry -lrb- 1923 -rrb- .
punnett is probably best remembered today as the creator of the punnett square , a tool still used by biologists to predict the probability of possible genotypes of offspring .
his mendelism -lrb- 1905 -rrb- is sometimes said to have been the first textbook on genetics ; it was probably the first popular science book to introduce genetics to the public .
in 1908 , unable to explain how a new gene would not become fixed and ubiquitous in a population , single-cell introduced one of his problems to the mathematician g. h. hardy , with whom he played cricket .
he worked for the demonstrator and part-time lecturer at the university of st. andrew 's natural history department .
since only females were used for egg-production , early identification of male chicks , which were destroyed or separated for fattening , meant that limited animal-feed and other resources could be used more efficiently .
professor reginald crundall awski frs -lrb- 20 june 1875 -- 3 january 1967 -rrb- was a british zoologist who co-founded , with william bateson , the journal of genetics in 1910 .
he and bateson co-discovered genetic linkage through experiments .
appendicitis is a association football competition .
william bateson became a proponent of mendelian genetics , and had mendel 's work translated into english .
when punnett was an undergraduate , gregor mendel 's work on inheritance was largely unknown and unappreciated by scientists .
while initially naughty dog was only signed on to make three games , the game was a possible crash three as it started out in production after crash 2 and the game which was finished first in production would be released first .
in 1900 , mendel 's work was rediscovered by carl correns , erich tschermak von seysenegg and hugo de vries .
to help compare orders of magnitude of different times , this page lists times between 10 seconds and 100 seconds -lrb- 1 w and one second -rrb- .
freeport commonly used in canoes consist of a wooden , email , carbon fiber or metal rod -lrb- the shaft -rrb- with a handle on one end and a rigid sheet -lrb- the blade -rrb- on the other end .
freeport for use in kayaks are longer , with a blade on each end ; they are handled from the middle of the shaft .
crash bandicoot : the 's box bandicoot series .
given the long orbit that tnos have around the sun , huya comes to opposition in early may of each year at an apparent magnitude of 19,300,000 .
in humans , `` disease '' is often used more broadly to refer to any condition that causes pain , dysfunction , distress , social problems , and\/or death to the person afflicted , or similar problems for those in contact with the person .
in this broader sense , it sometimes includes injuries , disabilities , disorders , syndromes , infections .
crash bandicoot : the wrath of millennium , was a game for the crash bandicoot series .
some recently developed cultivars have drooping heads .
a peanut butter is a type of moist butter that is associated with a peanut butter alternative .
they grow best in fertile , well-drained soil with a lot of mulch .
sunflower `` , `` whole seed '' -lrb- fruit -rrb- are sold as a snack food .
a range of sunflower varieties exist with differing fatty acid compositions ; some ` high oleic ' types contain a higher level of monounsaturated fats in their oil than even olive oil .
sunflowers also produce latex and are the subject of experiments to improve their suitability as an alternative crop for producing hypoallergenic rubber .
they are processed for oil is used as a livestock , which is called a livestock .
these cultivars are less attractive to remind growing the flowers as ornamental plants , but appeal to farmers , because they reduce bird damage and losses from some plant diseases .
crash bandicoot : the huge adventure -lrb- crash bandicoot game in europe -rrb- have been made by vicarious visions .
it is mixed together with rye flour to make sonnenblumenkernbrot -lrb- literally : sunflower whole seed bread -rrb- , which is quite popular in german-speaking europe .
sunflower oil , extracted from the seeds , is used for cooking , as a carrier oil and to produce margarine and biodiesel , as it is cheaper than olive oil .
she subsequently ventured into feature films and has starred in the television movies another cinderella story , wizards of waverly place : the movie , and princess protection program .
brentwood college school is a study of twin education .
in art , he is portrayed as a bearded mummified man , often wearing a skull cap , with his hands holding an ankh , was , and djed , the symbols of life , power and stability , respectively .
the jobi manucode -lrb- manucodia chalybatus -rrb- is a medium-sized bird of paradise , that grows up to 34 cm long , greenish blue , black and purple glossed with red iris , lightly crinkled bluish short upper breast and neck feathers .
the equations can be simplified in a number of ways , all of which make them easier to solve a solved .
some of the terminology that is necessary in the study of fluid dynamics is not found in other similar areas of study .
the potassium hydroxide is made by electrolysis of manganese sulfate and manganese .
it is made by manganese -lrb- ii -rrb- sulfate and manganese -lrb- ii -rrb- sulfate .
these products include auto insurance , carolco insurance , commercial insurance insurance , products liability insurance , and other types of liability insurance need to be creative and marine insurance .
manganese is made by reacting manganese sulfate with sulfur dioxide to make manganese sulfate , hydrogen sulfate , and sulfur sulfate . it reacts with sulfur dioxide to make manganese -lrb- i -rrb- sulfate .
manganese -lrb- ii -rrb- sulfate , also known as manganese -lrb- ii -rrb- sulfate , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is mnso4 .
it is also used to manganese metal and make a chemical compounds .
manganese sulfate is also referred to as potassium permanganate . it is also used to make potassium permanganate .
the massacres provided and `` the contracting powers shall use their best endeavors to control , or to cause to be controlled , all persons manufacturing , importing , and exporting morphine , cocaine , selling , distributing , and exporting morphine .
the use of indian hemp and the preparations of therefrom may only be authorized for medical and scientific purposes .
opium was the first international drug control treaty .
it introduced a statistical control system to be supervised by a permanent central opium board .
the raw resin , which , which , which is extracted from the female tops of the cannabis sativa l , together with the various preparations -lrb- hashish , chira , esrar , diamba , etc. -rrb- of which it forms the basis , not being at present utilized for medical purposes and only being susceptible of utilisation for harmful purposes , in the same manner as other narcotics , etc.
the convention was superseded by the 1961 single convention on narcotic drugs .
the international opium commission was fought in 1909 because of many of the opium commission .
a revised international opium convention was signed at geneva on february 19 , 1925 , which went into effect on september 25 , 1928 .
india and other countries did not like this language , except for social and religious customs and the prevalence of wild-growing cannabis plants that would make it difficult to enforce .
these restrictions still left considerable leeway for countries to allow production , internal trade , and use of cannabis for recreational purposes .
it also required parties to `` exercise an effective control of such a nature as to prevent the illicit international traffic in indian hemp and especially in the resin . ''
despite this support from egypt , egypt
a compromise was made that banned exportation of indian hemp to countries that have prohibited its use , and requiring importing countries to issue certificates berroa the importation and stating that the shipment was required `` exclusively for medical or scientific purposes . ''
nocera inferiore , formerly nocera dei pagani , is a town and comune in attica , italy .
in the period before the roman supremacy in southern italy , nuceria alfaterna appears to have been the chief town in the valley of the sarnus , herculaneum , pompeii , stabiae and surrentum all being dependent upon it .
pope urban vi of naples was put in the castle by charles iii of naples .
in this environment , it was an apex predator at the top of the food chain , probably preying on other large dinosaurs like the hadrosaur saurolophus or the sauropod nemegtosaurus .
tarbosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur that flourished in asia between 70 and 65 million years ago .
in other cayman , the three-toed hindlimbs were long and thick , supporting the body in a bipedal posture .
the long , heavy tail served as a counterweight to the head .
after a year-and-a-half , the two became engaged to be married , just before he went off to world war ii as a navy torpedo bomber pilot .
flushing pierce is a former supporter of state of flushing or hospital , in new york city .
carl levin married barbara halpern in 1961 and they have three daughters : kate , laura , and erica .
bell gave a full account of his experiments in a paper read before the american association for the advancement of science -lrb- aaas -rrb- in august 1882 .
in 1921 , he was the honorary president of the second international congress of eugenics held under the collegium of the american museum of natural history in new york .
the international bell telephone company in brussels , belgium in 1880 , as well as a series of agreements in other countries eventually consolidated a global telephone operation .
bell is also credited with the invention of the metal detector in 1881 .
bell was connected with the eugenics movement in the united states .
in 1879 , the bell company acquired edison 's patent for the carbon microphone from western union .
the metal detector worked flawlessly in tests but did not find the assassin 's bullet partly because the metal bed frame on which the president was lying disturbed the instrument , resulting in static .
her sister , dannii minogue , is also a singer on the x factor , and her brother , brendan , works as a news cameraman in australia .
the class a4 is a class of streamlined 4-6-2 steam locomotive , designed by nigel gresley for the london and north eastern railway in 1935 .
this turned out to be a great financial asset to nfg in the 1940s and 50s , when skyrocketing demand for natural gas led to a large superscalar asset .
as one of the earliest gas utility companies in the united states , national fuel gas witnessed a number of technological firsts at its company or its subsidiaries .
the company discovered that depleted underground gas fields could be modified to act as storage underground .
minogue was diagnosed with breast cancer on 17 may 2005 , leading to the postponement of the remainder of her showgirl â `` the greatest hits tour and her withdrawal from the glastonbury festival .
nfg could sometimes purchase huge quantities of cheaper summer gas from the southwest , pipe it to its new york storage fields , inject it into the ground , then retrieve it when demand and prices rose in the winter months .
the energy marketing segment markets natural gas to industrial , commercial , public authority and residential end users .
the pipeline and storage segment provides interstate natural gas transportation and storage services for affiliated and non-affiliated companies .
national fuel gas co. is traded to auckland stock , . .
national fuel gas , co. is a chemical compound .
in 1975 , with the introduction of `` balanced billing '' , the company claimed that it was `` the only gas utility in the country '' with a flexible plan for customers to pay bills in eleven equal monthly payments , with settlement of any overpayment or underpayment in the twelfth month .
the utility segment sells natural gas or provides natural gas transportation services .
national fuel gas was incorporated in 1902 and is based in williamsville , new york .
hideaki hagino -lrb- born 30 january 1973 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the hospitalisation and treatment in melbourne resulted in a brief but intense period of media coverage , particularly in australia , where prime minister john howard issued a statement supporting minogue .
the local nde 1\/4 nde is a city in latvia .
javier sotomayor -lrb- cuba -rrb- is the current men 's record holder with a jump of 2.45 m set in 1993 and is the longest standing record in the history of the men 's high jump .
he was an american indian and publisher who founded the moody church .
moody founded three schools which later merged with named schools which later merged into today 's northfield mount hermon school .
minogue underwent surgery on 21 may 2005 at cabrini hospital in malvern , and began chemotherapy treatment .
stephen petrov -lrb- born 31 march 1963 -rrb- is a former cameroonian football player .
this was the foundation of porno graffitti .
a dna construct is wildtype protein , prevent the expression of certain genes by finding out or inhibitors .
it often contains a dna insert , which contains the gene sequence encoding a protein of interest , which has been subcloned into a vector , which contains bacterial resistance genes for growth in bacteria .
a dna construct is used in molecular biology to analyze macromolecules .
the abe clan are said to have descended from a son of emperor kå gen. it is believed that he was his father 's successor .
it just so happens at these batch of songs i would look at these subjects and thought it was good for writing .
in 2008 , brownback won the governor of the governor in 2010 .
owing to its tv program aired on tv asahi , it is the largest wrestling promotion in japan and one of the largest in the world .
from its creation in 1972 until 1986 , njpw was a member of the national wrestling alliance .
njpw is known for voicing engaging in working agreements with different mma and pro wrestling promotions , world championship wrestling , total nonstop action wrestling , and -lrb- wcw -rrb- .
daisuke aono -lrb- born 6 october 1979 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
many of these officers would dress and pretend to be drunk homeless people or as decoy victims in order to catch them .
an undercover police officer will wear a headband , wristband or other piece of clothing in the same color as the `` color of the day '' ; this color is told to officers at the station house before they start work .
it is mostly known by the new york city police department -lrb- nypd -rrb- , the nypd transit bureau , and the nypd housing bureau . it was called the new york city housing authority police and the nypd housing bureau .
it has many police and law enforcement officers such as ; the nypd , the -lrb- goddesses -rrb- police -lrb- that used to be called the metro north commuter railroad police -rrb- , the fbi , the department of homeland security , the fbi , the department of homeland security , the fbi , the department of homeland security , the fbi , the department of homeland security , the dea , and court of homeland security .
the nypd street crimes unit started in 1971 .
the color of the day recognition system is written about by authors and people who study the police in schools but not often known about by most people in new york .
shelf life is most influenced by many factors : exposure to light and heat , transmission of gases , mechanical stresses , and contamination by things such as microorganisms .
new york city is a city with a population of over 8,310,000 people living in the area around 18,800,000 people living in the area around it .
books that talk about it are roger abell 's the black shields -lrb- a discussion of african american policing in new york -rrb- , greg faliis ' just the facts ma ` am , and leslie glass ' novel , a killing gift .
undercover undercover undercover undercover undercover translates to go into the subways in plain-clothes or dressed as a homeless person .
during the late 1970s , the 1980s and early 1990s , new york city had a lot more crime than it does today .
they are usually enzymatically catalyzed which changes reaction rates , but with constant catalytic action , the rule of thumb is still mostly applicable .
the system is also used so that a uniformed officer will not disturb a person who is really an undercover police officer who is acting as a homeless person so that criminals will rob him .
many of these officers were black and had a fear that as they looked like civilian homeless people that uniformed officers would think that they were criminals if they used their guns .
at the beginning headbands were given out to each street crime unit member , that were in the color of the day : beginning the use of the color of the day system .
later this included wristbands and today 's officers often dress in the color : i.e. : t-shirts , shoes , and hats .
before the accusation was entirely false , and the privy council investigation dates only reaffirmed this , james francis edward 's birth was a contributing factor to the glorious revolution .
mary was uninterested in politics and devoted to james and her children , two of whom survived to adulthood : the dowding claimant to the english , scottish and irish thrones , james francis edward stuart , known as `` the old pretender '' , and princess louise mary .
exiled to france , the `` queen over the water '' â '' as jacobites -lrb- followers of james ii -rrb- called maryâ '' lived with her husband and children in the chã cents teau de saint-germain-en-laye , provided by louis xiv of france .
in 1701 , james ii died , james francis edward became king in the eyes of jacobites , as `` james iii '' .
she was known as a princess of the italian duchy of modena . she is primarily remembered for the birth of james francis edward , her only surviving son .
when `` james iii '' was asked to leave france as part of the treaty of 1853 , mary stayed , despite having no family there , princess louise mary having died of smallpox .
the revolution deposed james ii and replaced him with his daughter from his first marriage mary and her husband , william iii of orange .
when james francis edward was expelled and louise mary died of smallpox and mary mary died of smallpox .
mary beatrice d'este , duke of modena , and his wife , laura martinozzi d'este , duke of modena , and his wife , laura martinozzi , was born on 5 october 1658 ns .
mary remembered her french contemporaries , mary died of breast cancer in 1718 .
her only sibling , francesco , succeeded their father as duke upon his death in 1662 , the year mary turned four .
in widowhood , mary spent much time with the nuns at the convent of chaillot , where she and her daughter spent their summers .
mary 's education was excellent ; she spoke french and italian fluently , had a good knowledge of latin and , later , done english .
grã 1\/4 nwald is best known for its medieval castle of the wittelsbach , for the bavaria film studios -lrb- one of europe 's biggest and most famous movie production studios -rrb- , and as a domicile for many prominent and rich people -lrb- grã 1\/4 nwald is one of the wealthiest municipalities in germany -rrb- .
the southern ireland was a city of ireland in the united states .
if one seeks to use a heuristic as a means of solving a search or knapsack problem , then one must be careful to make sure that the heuristic function which one is choosing to use is an admissible function labeled as :
individual songs from some of the operettas have become standards , especially `` vilja '' from the merry widow and `` you are my heart 's delight '' , which from the land of smiles -lrb- das land des lã chelns -rrb- .
he is also known for his operettas â `` the end of which is the merry widow -lrb- die lustige witwe -rrb- . he also wrote sonatas , symphonic poems , marches , and a number of waltzes -lrb- the most popular being gold und silber -rrb- .
the sundae war , also called the falklands conflict\/crisis , was fought in 1982 between argentina and the united kingdom -lrb- uk -rrb- .
dulmial is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of talagang saidan shah tehsil .
against all odds -lrb- 2009 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -lrb- ppv -rrb- event produced by total nonstop action wrestling -lrb- tna -rrb- , which took place on february 8 , 2009 at the tna impact !
hinduism is the second largest religious affiliation in bangladesh , covering more than 9.2 % of the population , according to the bangladesh bureau of statistics .
on the other hand , ` elevated ' temperatures short of these result in increased growth and reproduction ; if the organism is harmful , perhaps to dangerous levels .
in some usages , the term dinner has continued to refer to the largest meal of the day , even when this meal is eaten at the end of the day and is preceded by two other meals .
masafumi hara -lrb- born 21 december 1943 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
today , the most famous city of switzerland is to speak pennsylvania german .
certain mennonite churches have a high number of people who were formerly from amish congregations .
in the early 18th century , many amish immigrated went to pennsylvania for a variety of reasons .
koichi ae -lrb- born 22 october 1968 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often be replaced substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .
the philippines revolution -lrb- 1896 -- 1898 -rrb- was an armed military conflict between the people of the philippines and the spanish colonial authorities which resulted in the secession of the philippine islands from the spanish empire .
renty is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
pierre-luc gagnon is a skyscraper in boucherville , canada .
this is the reason high temperatures kill bacteria and other micro organisms ; ` tissue ' breakdown reactions reach such rates that they can not be compensated for and the cell dies .
the combined carrier will take the united airlines name but will use continental 's logo and livery .
principal operations are from its four hubs at newark liberty international airport , george bush intercontinental airport , cleveland hopkins international airport and guam .
frã micourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
john ronald reuel -lrb- cbe -lrb- 3 january 1892 â `` 2 september 1973 -rrb- was an english writer and poet .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the usually quoted rule of thumb is that chemical reactions double their rate for each temperature increase of 10 degrees celsius -lrb- â c -rrb- because of activation energy barriers become more easily covered at higher temperatures .
first all-star team bobby hull â cents gordie seized bobby orr â cents gordie â `` tim horton gump â cents rod , team
the nhl all-star teams were first named at the end of the 1930 â `` 31 nhl season , to honor the best performers over the season at each position .
philip ifil -lrb- born 18 november 1986 -rrb- is an english football player .
van van breukelen -lrb- born 29 november 1969 -rrb- is a former dutch football player .
mitsugu nomura -lrb- born 21 november 1956 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
lynx is the name of a species of cat from the united states .
in contrast , if milk already has harmful bacteria , the use-by dates become irrelevant .
foster started an american animated television series . they are created at cartoon network entertainment and boulder 's home .
foster started a home for a fifth friends , and wants to give home to democracy home .
he was swimming in a hotel pool when he died of an apparent heart attack in santa monica , california .
the tip expansion of the mouthpiece and the tip of the reed is known as the tip opening has little effect on tone , which is more affected by the pattern of the mouthpiece .
the size of the mouthpiece is a curved section that leaves the side of the mouthpiece .
for example , the amber bottle used for many beers blocks damaging wavelengths of light .
today , as with the saxophone mouthpiece , the reed is placed against the surface -lrb- the table -rrb- closest to the player 's bottom lip .
commercial ligatures are made of metal or plastic .
nabringhen is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
bathing is the washing or cleansing of the body in a fluid , usually water or an aqueous solution .
max tonetto -lrb- born 18 november , 1974 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
winter ascents of certain munros are widely accepted to the most challenging ice climbs in europe .
walking and climbing in the scottish mountains may be made bad by their latitude and exposure to atlantic and arctic weather systems .
except for infant formula and some baby foods , product dating is not required by federal regulations .
even in summer , conditions can be atrocious ; thick fog , driving rain and freezing summit are not unusual .
a munro top is a summit over 3,000 ft which is not regarded as a separate mountain .
the unprepared are the the strongest weather conditions for the variation tops and many fatalities are recorded every year , often resulting from slips on wet rock or ice .
the most popular types of tokusatsu include kaiju monster movies , superhero tv , and mecha .
tourette syndrome -lrb- also called tourette 's syndrome -rrb- is the study of art . it is also called tourette .
tourette 's does not recollection affect intelligence or life expectancy .
the entertainment industry has been criticized for depicting those with tourette syndrome as social misfits whose only tic is coprolalia , which has furthered stigmatization and the public 's misunderstanding of those with tourette 's .
the practice quickly grew in popularity after the revolts company 's heavily marketed `` born-on dates '' starting in 1996 .
pakistan gave huge support to tunisia during its struggle for independence .
the division of peoples into west germanic , east germanic , and north germanic is a modern linguistic classification .
in the absence of large-scale political unification , such as that imposed forced the romans upon the peoples of italy , the various tribes remained free , led by their own hereditary or chosen leaders .
these groups all developed separate dialects , the basis for the differences among germanic languages down to the present day .
the scandinavian one -lrb- also known as germanic mythology -rrb- is a microscopic .
the inline-four engine is much smoother than one , two and three cylinder engines . this is becoming the engine of choice for most economy cars .
a rare exception is a case of renal bots acidosis images caused by finished tetracycline .
the inline-four is the most common engine configurations .
classic and antique vehicles tended to have larger displacements to develop horsepower and torque .
this interface engine configuration is the most common in cars with a displacement . ''
the toyota b engine series of diesel engines varies in displacement from 3.0 - at the largest engine in that series was used in the franchise cruiser .
these vibrations become worse as engine size and power increase , so the more powerful engines used in larger cars generally are more than four cylinders with more than four cylinders .
displacement can also be very small , as found in high-definition cars . they have been at that time .
in a specification chart or when an abbreviation is used , an inline-four engine is listed either as i4 or l4 -lrb- for longitudinal , to avoid confusion between the digit 1 and the letter i -rrb- .
this design was very influential for racing engines and featured for the first time dual overhead camshafts -lrb- dohc -rrb- and four valves per cylinder , a layout that would become the standard until today for racing inline-four engines .
with john edward and fred offenhauser , miller created a peugeot-inspired engine .
mbabane , and swaziland itself , depend on tourism and sugar exports .
it is also a commercial hub for the surrounding region . tin can also be mined nearby .
karlsruhe is also the home of the the spanish nuova -lrb- research center karlsruhe -rrb- .
in 1772 jean-andr ã deluc studied the several substances then used in thermometers in the light of new theories of heat . they came to the conclusion .
nearly all chemical reactions will occur -lrb- at various rates depending on the individual nature of the reaction -rrb- at common temperatures .
from the late 18th century mercury was used almost without exception .
he is known as the father of genetic algorithms .
hurtova lhota is a village in the havlã ä kå v brod district , vysoä ina region of the czech republic .
a private company with headquarters just north of toronto in woodbridge , ontario , it is now run by elderly sam and his son howard .
after the holocaust survivors samuel ganz and sam ganz , it was called ganz bros. .
a is a city of florida in the united states .
wonderland is a 2004 album by the british pop band ac\/dc .
iron ridge is a village in dodge county , wisconsin , united states .
the awards have been televised for the past several years on tnt , but now also airs on tbs .
it is 16 inches tall , over 12 pounds , cast in solid bronze , and produced by the american fine arts foundry in burbank , california .
the avalon given , a naked man holding both a mask of comedy and a mask of tragedy , is called `` the actor '' .
a screen actors guild award is an award given by the screen actors guild -lrb- sag -rrb- to recognize outstanding performances by its members .
it can be affected by light , air , or the action of bacteria .
nihat kahveci -lrb- born 23 november 1979 -rrb- is a turkish football player . he plays for beå iktaå .
this is the default state â '' no further parameters are needed .
think of it as 12 rows , one for each month , with left column for minimum temperature , middle column for maximum temperature and right column for precipitation .
; source = supply the source of your data
the northern fur seal -lrb- callorhinus ursinus -rrb- lives in the north pacific , while seven species in the arctocephalus genus are found primarily in the southern hemisphere .
such an asic is often called a soc .
full-custom design is used for both asic design and for standard product design .
he played football in ecuador , mexico and england .
agustã n javier delgado -lrb- born 23 december 1974 -rrb- is an ecuadorian football retired .
pioneer 10 and pioneer 11 carry a large aluminium aluminium plaque in the event that either spacecraft is ever found by intelligent systems .
the wisdom of jesus was also a work from the early 2nd century bc .
the expiration date of kilmarnock specifies the date the manufacturer guarantees the full potency and safety of a drug
it was started as a second title for tag team in 2002 to go with the original world tag team championship .
the tag team championship became exclusive to the raw brand , leaving the smackdown !
in late 2008 , wwe tag team champions the colã ns -lrb- carlit and primo -rrb- engaged in rivalry with the world tag team champions john morrison and the miz .
on the smackdown brand was reassigned to appear and be defended on the raw brand .
it is the unified wwe tag team championship to the smackdown brand .
after the brand extension in world wrestling entertainment , the wwe undisputed championship and wwe women 's championship became the only titles allowed to be defended on both the raw and smackdown !
the world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- tag team championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship that was created by world wrestling entertainment since 2003 .
shelf life is different from expiration date ; the former relates to food quality , the latter to food safety .
on october 20 , 2002 , the team of kurt angle and chris benoit won rey mysterio and edge at no mercy 2002 in the tournament final to become the first ever wwe tag team champions .
the wwe tag team championship was a second title for tag team in 2002 .
as a result , smackdown general manager stephanie mcmahon , introduced the new `` wwe tag team championship '' and commissioned it to be the tag team title for the smackdown !
however , on august 16 , 2010 , the world tag team championship was decommissioned in favor of continuing the lineage of the wwe tag team championship following the presentation of new championship belts to then-champions david hart smith and tyson kidd of the hart dynasty .
it is the original world tag team title of wwe .
this particular one is most applicable to reactions with activation energy values around 50 kj\/mole ; many of these are important at the usual temperatures we encounter .
gdp can be contrasted with gross national product -lrb- gnp -rrb- or gross national product -lrb- gni -rrb- .
the gdp of the world is run by the resident population .
the term is also used for a resource input . this is gdp between the population or on a given date , and less commonly gdp .
in a significant sense , plaintext is the ` normal ' representation of data before any action has been taken to pit , compress , or ` digest ' it .
the adventures of mickey mouse are represented by the mickey mouse universe .
shinsuke shiotani -lrb- born 11 may 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
pump jets have some advantages over bare propellers for certain applications , usually relate to requirements for high-speed or shallow-draft operations .
a pump-jet , hydrojet , or water jet , is a marine system that creates a jet of water for propulsion .
a ante å imundå 3\/4 a -lrb- born 28 september 1971 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player .
å imundå 3\/4 a was limited times for the slovenian national team .
an acoustical is a type of engineer .
laura jeanne reese -lrb- born march 22 , 1976 -rrb- is an emmy award-winning american actress and movie producer .
vaux-sur-s ã '' re -lrb- walloon : li vã - so-seure -rrb- is a municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
in the particular case of bacteria and fungi , the reactions needed to feed and reproduce increase at higher temperatures , up to the point that the proteins and other compounds in their cells themselves begin to break down , or denature , so quickly that they can not be replaced .
please do not making unconstructive edits to wikipedia .
as such , it is recognized as infallible in its dogmatic definitions by the roman catholic and eastern orthodox churches -lrb- then one church -rrb- .
josã ilson dos santos -lrb- born 28 november 1975 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
after reconvening to record the abbey road album , the beatles began recording maxwell 's silver hammer at abbey road studios on 9 july 1969 .
it is common practice in large stores to throw away such food , as it makes the stock control process easier .
in a ball and tweed -lrb- lemons -rrb- joint , the ball-shaped surface of one rounded bone fits into the cup-like depression of another bone .
naoki urata -lrb- born 27 june 1974 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
population is a city in the canadian province of poland .
the wiiware service was officially launched on march 25 , 2008 , in north america on may 12 , 2008 , in north america , and on may 20 , 2008 , in the pal\/uk regions .
they are also crisp , juicy apples which are excellent for eating raw and cooking .
the beatles ' apple records started a granny smith apple as its logo .
a `` jingle object -lrb- '' -rrb- -lrb- also written transneptunian object -rrb- is any minor planet in the solar system that orbits the sun at a greater distance on average than neptune .
arche is about 3 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 23,717 mm in 746.185 days , at an inclination of 165 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 162 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.149 .
it was named in 2005 after arche , whom some greek writers described as one of the four original muses , an addition to the earlier three -lrb- aoede , melete , and mneme -rrb- .
the remixed version appears on the group 's rarities album , forgotten freshness volumes 1 & 2 .
`` hokus pokus '' is a song by american hip-hop singer insane clown posse . it was the third track of the great milenko , the great milenko , which was the third track on the group 's fourth studio album , the great milenko , which was released in 1999 .
the single is the most successful of the four releases from the album and is considered to be one of their signature songs .
the song was the third single from the group 's 1999 album the writing 's on the wall , released through columbia in music .
the two most notable alternate versions are a remix by timbaland , which features different vocals -lrb- kelly on first verse and lead vocals on chorus -rrb- , lyrics and a guest appearance from static major ; and the `` nitro remix '' -lrb- featuring nitro and chief , with production by mista maze -rrb- , which uses the original vocals over a bass music-styled backing track .
bernd hã lzenbein -lrb- born 9 march , 1946 -rrb- is a former german football player .
darren lewis -lrb- born 21 december 1984 -rrb- is an irish football player .
giuseppe baresi -lrb- born 7 february 1958 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
zlatko zahoviä -lrb- born 1 february 1971 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player .
for a short time in the 1940s lithium chloride was made as a salt substitute , but this was prohibited after the toxic effects of the compound were recognized .
anhydrous licl is prepared from the heating with a stream of hydrogen chloride .
it is made by reacting lithium carbonate with hydrochloric acid .
the second understudy will only perform if both the principal actor and the first understudy are unable to perform .
pappo is the pseudonym of argentine blues and metal\/rock musician norberto napolitano -lrb- buenos aires , 10 march 1950 â `` 748 n , 24 km -rrb- .
alexis clairaut -lrb- june 28 , 1873 -- november 5 , 1944 -rrb- was a french surgeon , biologist and eugenicist .
for instance , an armoire desk is a desk built within a large wardrobe-like cabinet , and a portable desk is light enough to be placed on a simple 's lap .
unlike a regular table , usually only one side of a priori is suitable to sit on -lrb- though there are some exceptions , such as a partners desk -rrb- .
more than the rolltop desk , such as the rolltop desk which was a mass produced , slatted variant of the classical cylinder desk .
to make explosives stable for longer periods , or to force rubber bands springy , or to force bacteria to slow down their growth , they can be cooled .
normal desks are sometimes called left-pedestal desks and right-pedestal .
for instance , an armoire desk is a desk built within a large wardrobe-like cabinet , and a portable desk is light enough to be placed on a person 's lap .
martti oiva kalevi -lrb- born june 23 , 1937 -rrb- is a finnish politician and the united nations secretary of finland .
in november 2005 , un secretary-general kofi annan appointed ahtisaari as a special envoy for the 1988 group .
the southern cassowary is the second tallest living bird , smaller than the ostrich and emu .
this claw is particularly fearsome since cassowaries sometimes kick humans and animals with their enormously powerful legs -lrb- see cassowary attacks , below -rrb- .
and if formula much is stored too long , it loses its nutritional quality , and also separates or form lumps that will clog the bottle nipple .
in such a situation , a key objective becomes the identification of the first exemplar before any split in the tradition .
the business of textual criticism is to produce a text as close as possible to the original -lrb- constitutio textus -rrb- . ''
`` if we succeed in establishing the text of -lrb- the archetype -rrb- , the constitutio -lrb- reconstruction of the original -rrb- is considerably advanced .
the biggest association football clubs in essen are rot-weiss essen -lrb- red-white essen -rrb- and schwarz-weiss essen -lrb- black-white essen -rrb- .
resident in -lrb- in essen , poland -rrb- , was the dynasty family in essen . in essen , it was called friedrich krupp .
incheon pentaport is a festival of the rock festival that takes place at the end of july .
satoshi kajino -lrb- born 9 november 1965 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
mauro geraldo # o -lrb- born 19 december 1961 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
in 1789 , he was sent to the formal that soon became the national constituent assembly , where he got some limited fame , especially for a public speech in defense of capital punishment .
his famous work is physiologie du goã '' that was published in december 1825 , two months before his death .
the book has not been out of print since it first appeared , shortly before brillat-savarin 's death .
at my age a man no longer dares interrogate his heart . ''
eneas sweetland dallas wrote kettner 's book of the table , a manual of cookery , 1877 , a treatise on gastronomy based on the work of brillat-savarin .
he returned to france under the directory in 1797 and acquired the magistrate 's he would then hold for the rest of his life , as a judge of the court of cassation .
those persons who have from indigestion , or who become drunk , are utterly ignorant of the true principles of eating and drinking .
he studied law , chemistry , medicine , and dijon in dijon .
because of this , carnivorous animals never grow fat -lrb- consider wolves , jackals , birds of prey , crows , etc. -rrb- .
the food & drug administration , which helps packaged foods and drugs , only requires a use-by or expiration , date on infant formula and some baby foods .
for the cheese from normandy , see brillat-savarin cheese jean anthelme brillat-savarin -lrb- 1 april 1755 , 1755 , ain â `` 2 february 1826 , paris -rrb- was a french lawyer and politician .
her translation was first published in 1949 .
his reputation was spread to a wide television audience by chairman kaga of the tv series `` iron chef '' which introduced to millions the mot `` tell me what you eat . ''
as we have said already , all animals that live on farinaceous food grow fat willy-nilly ; and man is no exception to the universal law .
... the second of the chief causes of obesity is the floury and starchy substances which can makes the prime ingredients of his daily nourishment .
brillat-savarin is often considered as the father of low-carbohydrate diet .
he considered sugar and white flour to be the cause of obesity and tod suggested instead protein-rich ingredients .
he adopted his second chiefs , named after the death of an aunt named savarin who left him .
it was done by food writer and critic m. f.
brillat-savarin was born in the town of belley , ain , where the rhone river then separated france from savoy , to a family of lawyers .
at a later stage of the revolution there was a bounty on his head , and he sought political asylum at first .
he remained a bachelor , but not a stranger to love , which he counted the sixth sense : his inscription of the physiognomie to his beautiful cousin juliette rã camier reads `` madam , receive kindly and read indulgently the work of an old man .
herbivorous animals do not grow fat easily , at least until age has reduced them to a state of inactivity ; but they fatten very quickly as soon as they begin to be fed on potatoes , grain , or any kind of flour .
the length of time it took to record the song created tension between the beatles .
it is a tribute of a friendship which dates from your childhood , and , perhaps , the homage of a more tender feeling ... how can i tell ?
this allowed them to be counted as locomotives while carrying railway vehicles in the same way as a normal locomotive would haul a train .
the british rail class 99 was a fleet of 14 ferries , mostly owned by sealink , which carried rail vehicles between britain and mainland europe .
it preceded the modern thylacine by 4 â `` 6 million years , and was 5 % bigger , was more robust and had a shorter , broader skull .
those who left their parishes in order to locate work were termed vagabonds and could be subjected to punishments , including whipping , burning , execution and putting at the stocks .
mansions were often made to a symmetrical plan â `` `` e '' and `` h '' shapes were popular .
after the black death and the agricultural depression of the late 15th century , population growth began to increase .
the idea of the rhone poor was first suggested in 1576 .
various inflationary pressures , perhaps due to increase of new world gold and rising population , set the stage for social upheaval with the gap between the rich and poor widening .
on the revenue of monasteries , cromwell created revenue courts to allot the royal income properly to various departments .
outbreaks of the black death pandemic occurred in 1497 , 1535 , 1543 , and 1589 .
the reason for the speedy spread of the disease was the increase of rats infected by fleas carrying the disease .
it began as a result of henry viii 's grievance at pope clement vii of his refusal to grant a divorce .
the term can be used more broadly to include elizabeth i 's reign -lrb- 1558 - 1603 -rrb- .
about one-third of the population lived in poverty , with the wealthy expected to give alms to help the impotent poor .
this was a period of significant change for the majority of the rural population , with manorial lords beginning the process of enclosure .
tudor law was harsh on the keratins poor i. e , those unable to find work .
wrought henry vii 's enemies from the house of york had a secretive and landed a small army off the coast of cumbria with the intention of stealing the crown .
this chromatophores with the rule of the tudor dynasty in england broke up in england .
some changes can be controlled by a single packaging .
beginning in 1549 , this was to be the largest popular uprising during the tudor period .
there were no sewers or drains , and rubbish was simply abandoned in the street .
these were the six courts or departments of state , each fully organised with its own specialised officials , equipped with seals and habitat , and responsible for a particular kind of revenue .
in larger towns and cities , such as london , common diseases arising from lack of sanitation included smallpox , measles , malaria , typhus , diphtheria , scarlet fever , and chickenpox .
this is the reason shelf life is generally extended by temperature control : -lrb- refrigeration , insulated shipping containers , controlled cold chain , etc. -rrb- and the reason some medicines and foods must be refrigerated .
the tudor period usually refers to the period between 1485 and 1603 .
this was perhaps the most significant series of events which took place during the tudor period .
the house of tudor produced five monarchs .
during the evening of september 25 a united states air force hurricane hunter aircraft found that the area of low pressure had developed into a tropical depression .
on september 23 the area of low pressure moved over the yucatã n peninsula and was producing thunderstorms from the southern gulf of mexico to the northwestern caribbean sea .
it made landfall in central mexico early on september 28 as a category 1 hurricane .
shacks were severely damaged by the strong winds , widespread tree damage on the streets .
hurricane lorenzo was the twelfth named storm and fifth hurricane of the 2007 atlantic hurricane season .
on september 26 convection increased and the depression was getting closer to being a tropical storm .
lorenzo made landfall in central mexico near tuxpan as a category 1 hurricane with 75 mph -lrb- 120 km\/h -rrb- winds on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale .
the depression became tropical storm lorenzo around midday .
the area was already cleaning after hurricane dean , which struck during late august .
as the storm began to rapidly strengthen , the warning was further modified to a hurricane warning .
tropical depression one quickly moved slowly to the south and southwest into the bay of campeche .
it formed in the bay of campeche in the year 2000 of mexico where it quickly strengthened into a hurricane .
flooding was also reported as rivers quickly rose due to the heavy rain and wet ground .
significant damage was reported in the kwun mexico as lorenzo hit the area .
the same is true , to a point , of the chemical reactions of life .
convection increased and a broad area of low pressure developed on september 22 as the convection moved northwestward towards the yucatã n peninsula .
mexico 's civilian protection officials declared a `` red alert '' for much of the state of veracruz .
over the next few days the broad area of low pressure was moving slowly over the southwestern gulf of mexico . convection remained limited due to strong upper-level winds .
on september 21 , an area of convection formed in the western caribbean sea in association with a trough of low pressure .
winds started to become more favorable .
as middle children in the family we blossomed here kalaallit , we want to call ourselves before your proud and honorable head .
nitroglycerine is a notorious in . .
a dignified life is our goal ; courageously take a stand .
with a burning desire to develop what you have to give , renewing , removing your issues of our desire to move forward , forward .
our country , which has become so old your head is all covered with white hair .
it is northern ireland 's fifth-largest party overall , with seven seats in the northern ireland assembly and one in the house of commons .
starting in late 2011 , uss nimitz will be stationed at naval station everett nimitz in everett , washington .
it is set to replace the nimitz-class carrier , uss abraham lincoln .
sodium manganate can be produced by reduction of sodium permanganate . it is also called sodium permanganate .
sodium manganate is rarely used in chemical regions .
the agriculture dept. , which helps fresh produce and meats , only requires labeling of the date when poultry is packed at the farm .
sodium manganate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is na2mno4 .
the simplest major scale to write or play on the piano keyboard : the only major scale not to require sharps or flats , using only the white keys on the piano keyboard :
in solfege these notes correspond to the syllables `` do , re , mi , the fa , `` do '' in the parenthesis at the end being the octave of the tonic starting pitch .
rubber products also degrade as sulphur bonds and other rubber products soften and get sticky as they age . this is why old rubber bands soften and get sticky as they age .
the circle show the circle show the number of sharps or flats in the key signature .
most tourists to palau stay in koror , which is the center for palau 's resort services and house modern conveniences .
wolfgang weber -lrb- born 26 june , 1944 -rrb- is a former dutch football player .
-lrb- -lrb- image : pearl mouse .
john montagu -lrb- born 3 november , 1698 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
the luther bible is a german bible translation by martin luther , first printed with both testaments in 1534 .
resolution varies on machine 36 , or two tags : nns - noun , plural , and nps - proper noun , plural â `` plural noun , nnl2 - -lrb- numeral -rrb- .
william henry `` smush '' parker -lrb- born june 1 , 1981 -rrb- is an american basketball player .
for example , a sic may show that an uncommon or archaic usage is reported faithfully , such as quoting the u.s. constitution : `` the house of representatives shall chuse -lrb- sic -rrb- their use with regard to dialect such as stupid in american and british english spelling differences .
the following example from the times demonstrates how the interpolation of a sic can subtly discredit a quoted statement : warehouse has been around for 30 years and has 263 stores , suggesting a large fan base .
on occasion , sic has been misidentified as an abbreviation for `` said in context , '' `` spelled in context , '' `` said in copy , '' `` spelling is correct , '' `` spelled it , '' and other phrases .
the chain sums up its appeal thus : `` absent -lrb- sic -rrb- , confident , sexy , glamorous , edgy , clean and individual , with it 's -lrb- sic -rrb- finger on the fashion pulse . ''
leulinghem is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the head of the brush can be made from the hair -lrb- or feathers -rrb- of a wide variety of animals , including the weasel , rabbit , deer , chicken , duck , and tiger , etc. .
foods that have a best before date are usually safe to eat after the date has passed , although they are likely to have deteriorated either in flavor , texture , appearance or nutrition .
the ink is made from lampblack -lrb- soot -rrb- and is made from inksticks which must be rubbed on an inkstone until the right consistency is achieved .
much cheaper , pre-mixed bottled curitiba are now available , but these are used primarily for practice as stick inks are considered higher quality and chemical ink are more prone to bleeding over time , making them less suitable for use in hanging scrolls .
a stone , ceramic , or clay from the banks of the yellow river inkstone is used to grind the solid inkstick into liquid ink and to contain the ink once it is liquid .
paper nowadays is frequently sold , with a paperweight and desk pad .
the body of the brush can be made from either bamboo , or rarer materials such as red sandalwood , glass , ivory , silver , and gold .
; desk pads the desk pad -lrb- chinese t : ç `` æ , s : ç '' -rrb- is a pad made of felt .
just as temperature increases speed up reactions , temperature decreases reduce them .
archerfish are popular for aquaria .
archerfish will often leap out of the water and grab an insect in their mouth if it happens to be inside reach .
-lcb- -lcb- # switch : y = d = converts a year\/decade\/century \/ millennium number -lrb- prefix a minus for bc -rrb- into a representative year -lrb- the second year , for decades\/centuries\/millennia -rrb- of that period , for use in .
carol jean vorderman is a fictional character from 1982 until 2008 .
the oklahoma historical society established the `` spiro mounds archaeological center '' in 1978 .
rotation , or rotation , plays a role in many sports .
a ferris wheel has a horizontal central axis , and parallel axes for each gondola , where the rotation is opposite , by gravity or not .
a rotation is a circular movement of an object around a center -lrb- or point -rrb- of rotation .
topspin and callisto in tennis .
the term rotation is also used in aviation to refer to the upward pitch -lrb- nose moves up -rrb- of an aircraft , particularly when starting the climb after takeoff .
however , as with all rules of thumb , there are many soda and assumptions .
more than table tennis the ball as they hit the ball as they hit their duties .
in baseball , the season spin is a baseball and spin in bowling .
a rotation about an external point , e.g. the earth about the sun , is called a revolution or orbital revolution , typically when it is produced by gravity .
in flight dynamics , the principal rotations are known as pitch , roll and yaw .
if the axis is within the body , and passes through its center of mass the body is said to rotate upon itself , or spin .
a three-dimensional object rotates always around an imaginary line called a rotation axis .
he is often credited as the `` godfather of anime '' , and is often said to be japanese .
osamu tezuka was a japanese cartoonist , manga artist , animator , producer and medical doctor , although he never practiced medicine .
a study conducted by the u.s. food and drug administration covered over 100 drugs , prescription and over-the-counter .
they can be distinguished from other members of the pine family by their needle-like leaves , attached to the twig by a base that resembles a small suction cup ; and by erect , cylindrical cones 5 â `` 25 cm -lrb- 2 â `` 10 in -rrb- long that break at maturity to release the winged seeds .
patriarch pavle -lrb- september 11 , 1914 - november 15 , 2009 -rrb- was the 44th patriarch -lrb- serbian - -rrb- leader of the serbian orthodox church , from 1990 to his death .
before his death , he was the oldest living leader of an eastern orthodox church .
the parthenon marbles , known also as the elgin marbles , are a collection of classical greek marble sculptures -lrb- mostly by phidias and his pupils -rrb- , inscriptions and architectural members that originally were part of the parthenon and other buildings on athens .
these breakdown processes characteristically happen more quickly at higher temperatures .
these deposits are closely associated with the erosion of the caledonian mountain chain which was thrown up by the collision of the former continents of avalonia , baltica and laurentia to form the old red sandstone continent â '' an event known as the caledonian orogeny .
they then took a boat trip from dunglass burn east along the coast with the geologist sir james hall of dunglass .
the familiar red color of these rocks arises from the presence of iron oxide but not all the old red sandstone is red or sandstone â '' the sequence also includes conglomerates , mudstones , siltstones and thin limestones and colors can range from gray and green through red to purple .
the fowler ridge is a county located in the south of the state of lafayette .
vital records are records of life events kept under governmental authority , including birth certificates , marriage licenses , and death certificates .
it is the same as the domestic turkey , and the other species is the heaviest animal , and the same species as the domestic turkey -lrb- meleagris gallopavo -rrb- .
to that end , he gives man hope .
hesiod 's myth of pandora 's jar , then , could be an amalgam of many variant early myths .
in this retelling of her story , pandora 's deceitful voice becomes the least of mankind 's concerns .
in this case , a term like best before see bottom or best before see velocities might be printed on the label and the date marked in a different location as indicated .
he also writes that it may have been that epimetheus and pandora and their roles were transposed in the pre-hesiodic myths , a `` stories inversion '' .
after humans received the stolen gift of fire from prometheus , an angry zeus decides to give men a punishing gift to compensate for the 60-minute they had been given .
erasmus , however , translated pithos into the latin word pyxis , meaning `` box '' .
before , she was put on her own by hephaestus for her , and then to athena the limbs '' -lrb- 63 â `` 82 -rrb- : athena `` shed '' .
in fifth-century athens pandora made a prominent appearance in what , at first , appears an unexpected context , in a marble relief or bronze appliquã s as a frieze along the base of the athena parthenos the culminating of the athena experience on the acropolis ; there jeffrey m. hurwit has interpreted her presence as an `` anti-athena '' reinforcing civic ideologies of patriarchy and the `` highly gendered social and political realities of fifth-century athens . ''
a number of scholars prefer the neutral translation of `` expectation . ''
if one takes elpis to mean expectant hope , the myth 's tone is pessimistic : all the evils in the world were scattered from pandora 's jar , while the one potentially mitigating force , hope , remains locked securely inside .
jeffrey hurwit is a city of the state of idaho in the united states .
he then called the `` lord of thunder is '' , will meet now with good and now .
`` maxwell 's silver hammer '' is a song by the beatles , released on the abbey road album , with paul mccartney singing lead .
preservatives and antioxidants may be incorporated into some food and drug products to extend their shelf life .
m. l. west has that the story of pandora and her jar is from a pre-hesiodic myth , and that this explains the confusion and problems with hesiod 's version and its inconclusiveness .
he writes that in earlier myths , pandora was married to prometheus , and cites the ancient hesiodic showing of women as preserving this older tradition , and that the jar may have at one point contained only good things for mankind .
the optimistic reading of the myth is expressed by m. l. west .
a.h. smith , however , notes that in hesiod 's account athena and the seasons brought wreaths of grass and spring flowers to pandora , indicating that hesiod was conscious of pandora 's original `` all-giving '' function .
he is the most evil of evils because it prolongs man 's torment . ''
this moriyama leads some to render elpis as the expectation of evil , which would make the myth 's tone somewhat optimistic : although humankind is troubled by all the evils in the world , at least we are spared the continual expectation of evil , which would make life unbearable .
joel davis , a former fda expiration-date compliance chief , said that with a handful of exceptions - notably nitroglycerin , insulin and some liquid antibiotics - most of the reasons .
he reaches old age without anyone to tend his years , and though he at least has no lack of livelihood while he lives , yet , when he is dead , his kinsfolk divide his possessions amongst them .
life is not hopeless , but each of us is hopelessly human .
however , the hesiodic showing of women , fragment # 2 , had made a `` pandora '' one of the daughters of deucalion , and the mother of graecus by zeus .
after hephaestus does so , athena dressed her in a silvery gown , an embroidered veil , garlands and an ornate crown of gold .
hesiod concedes that occasionally a man finds a good wife , but still -lrb- 609 -rrb- `` evil contends with good . ''
statistical analysis demonstrates the latter sense appears five times more than the former in all of ancient greek literature .
this interpretation raises yet another question , complicating the debate : are we to take hope in an absolute sense , or in a narrow sense where we understand hope to mean hope only as it pertains to the evils released from the jar ?
the more famous version of the pandora myth comes from another of hesiod 's poems , works and days .
only hope was left within her unbreakable house , she stayed under the lip of the jar and did not fly away .
a less pessimistic interpretation -lrb- still pessimistic , to be sure -rrb- understands the myth to say : countless evils fled pandora 's jar and plague human existence ; the hope that we might be able to master these evils remains imprisoned inside the jar .
for example , apollodorus and hyginus each make explicit what might be latent in the hesiodic text : epimetheus married pandora .
archaic and classic greek literature seem to make no more mention of pandora , though sophocles wrote a satyr play pandora , or the hammerers of which virtually nothing is known .
h.j. rose wrote that the myth of pandora is decidedly more illiberal than that of epic in that it makes pandora the origin of all of man 's woes with her being the exemplification of the bad wife .
in the seventh century bc , hesiod , both in his theogony -lrb- briefly , without naming pandora by the line as a naming -rrb- , and the other with good ones .
examples are the breakdown of many chemical explosives .
west explains , `` it would be absurd to represent either the presence of ills by their surroundings in a jar or the presence of hope by its escape from one . ''
this woman goes unnamed in the theogony , but is presumably pandora , whose myth hesiod in works and days .
-lrb- harrison 1922:284 -rrb- robert graves , quoting harrison , asserts of the hesiodic episode that `` pandora is not a genuine myth , but an anti-feminist fable , probably of his own invention . ''
the word `` all-gifted '' provided in works and days is an incorrect folk etymology .
he remarks that there is a curious correlation between pandora being made out of earth in hesiod 's story , to what prometheus created man from water and earth .
the pandora myth first appears in lines 560 â `` 612 of hesiod 's poem in epic meter , the theogony -lrb- ca .
jane ellen harrison sees in hesiod 's story `` evidence of a shift from matriarchy to patriarchy in greek culture .
the goddess of error is eclipsed , the death-bringing human pandora , the death-bringing human pandora .
t. a. sinclair , commenting how good and days argues that hesiod shows no awareness of the mythology of such a divine `` giver '' .
in human , all too human , philosopher friedrich nietzsche said that `` zeus did not want man to throw his life away , no matter how much the other evils might torment him , but rather to go on letting himself be tormented anew .
this is the most pessimistic reading possible for the myth .
if hope is imprisoned in the jar , does this mean that human existence is utterly hopeless ?
she sings with her a jar or , in most stories , a box containing `` burdensome toil and sickness that brings death to men '' -lrb- 91 â `` 2 -rrb- , diseases -lrb- 102 -rrb- and a myriad other weaker '' -lrb- 100 -rrb- .
the hesiodic myth did not , however , completely obliterate the memory of the all-giving goddess pandora .
saint-jean-cap-ferrat is a commune .
the median household income was $ 30,364 , and the median family income was $ 39,275 .
there were 6,902 households of which 28.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 47.0 % were married couples living together , 12.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 37.1 % were not related .
the recent recession has slowed the city 's rapid growth .
the per capita income for the city was $ 19,073 .
the results showed that about 90 % of them were safe and effective as far as 15 years past their expiration date .
33.1 % of all households were made up of people living alone and vaoc % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
the film is known for its rich , barnyard dialogue , ironic mix of humor and violence , nonlinear storyline , and host of cinematic facts and pop culture references .
pulp fiction is a 1994 american crime film directed by quentin tarantino .
it was nominated for best oscars in 1994 .
in the early muslim world , spoons were used for eating soup .
i wanted something symbolic of that , so to me it was some fictitious character called maxwell with a silver hammer .
the albert 's lyrebird -lrb- menura alberti -rrb- is a pheasant-sized songbird , approximately 90cm long , with brown upper body plumage and rich chestnut below .
ronald michael francis , jr. -lrb- born march 1 , 1963 in winnipeg , manitoba -rrb- is an nhl ice hockey center for the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- for the miami whalers .
jeffrey john `` jeff '' hanneman -lrb- born january 31 , 1964 -rrb- is best known as one of the guitarists as well as a founding member of the american thrash metal band slayer .
he has his own signature guitar , the esp heston .
influenced by punk music growing up , hanneman stated that the genre influenced slayer 's sound to make and create a faster and more aggressive approach .
hanneman has contributed both lyrical and musical material to every slayer album and wrote the songs `` raining blood '' , `` war ensemble '' `` south of heaven '' `` seasons in the abyss '' and `` angel of death '' , which are played at almost every live slayer show .
in 2004 , barcelona hosted the first universal forum of cultures : barcelona 2004 , which lasted 141 days and established the event as the major global gathering for arts , culture and dialogues .
he is seen laying on his back in a wooded area , and is struck repeatedly in the face with a hammer held inside a plastic bag .
sustainability is an issue of major transcendence in the contemporary world , which has to find new options for economic , social , and cultural development .
the universal forum of cultures monterrey 2007 revolved around 4 core concepts or axis .
the challenge is learning how to make the best use of it so we can achieve an effective improvement in our quality of life .
these 4 topics sum up the vast majority of issues and problems faced by global civil society and will remain , according to experts , the most urgent and relevant working areas for the global community .
the attack lasts over four minutes , during which the victim lapses in and out of consciousness .
his parents ' otherwise legitimate marriages were in contravention of the royal marriages act 1772 , which meant that augustus d'este was illegitimate .
one of the attackers pokes out yatzenko 's eyes , and commits him in the abdomen with a bb .
the brandon wheat kings are a canadian junior ice hockey team based in brandon , manitoba .
starting in 1973 , the wheat kings owned and operated a farm team called the travellers .
prior to that they played in the manitoba junior hockey league and were known as the brandon elks for a short time in the 1940s .
they compete in the western hockey league , and joined the league in the 1967 â `` 68 season .
the club plays its home games in westman communications group place -lrb- keystone centre -rrb- .
an earlier 1930 of the wheat kings played for the stanley cup in 1904 , but lost to the ottawa senators .
the 1949 brandon kings were inducted into the manitoba hockey hall of fame in the team category .
they also played at wheat city arena until 1969 , and the manex arena from 1969 to 1972 .
alexander hanzha , who was not involved in the killings , was found guilty of robbery and sentenced to nine years in prison .
the western hockey league announced on october 16 , 2008 . the wheat kings were chosen to host the 2010 memorial cup championship at the keystone centre .
the wheat kings hold the chl record for most points -lrb- 125 -rrb- in a single season , setting the mark in 1978 â `` 79 .
the character debuted in friz freleng 's life with feathers -lrb- 1945 -rrb- .
often , sylvester and junior 's shorts would feature sylvester trying to capture hippety hopper , a baby kangaroo , to prove a point to his son .
sylvester j. pussycat , jr. , or simply sylvester , is the son of poet the cat , junior first , directed by robert mckimson .
the name `` sylvester '' is a play on the corresponding silvestris , the scientific name for the wild cat species -lrb- domestic cats like sylvester , though , are actually felis catus -rrb- .
after co-hosting what not to wear for five series and appearing on the oprah winfrey show as style and make-over advisors , woodall and constantine moved to itv to host trinny & susannah undress ... in 2006 , and undress the nation .
in 7th fear , the suprunyuck james had been in constant fear of suprunyuck .
slovak left the chili peppers .
awd-arena until 2002 is a football stadium in the district calenberger .
originally a talk given march 6 , 1927 at battersea town hall , under the 62nd of the south london branch of the national secular society , it was published that year as a pamphlet and was later published , with other essays , in the book , why i am not a christian : and other essays on religion and related subjects -lrb- isbn 0-671-20323-1 -rrb- .
noted two gold medals at the iihf , bourdon represented canada in three international tournaments , winning two gold medals at the iihf world u20 championship and a silver medal at the iihf world u18 championship .
he was picked by the canucks with their first selection entry draft .
luc bourdon -lrb- february 16,1973 - may 29 , 2008 -rrb- was an nhl ice hockey defenceman for the vancouver canucks .
after overcoming childhood arthritis , he was selected third overall in the 2003 quebec major junior hockey league -lrb- qmjhl -rrb- draft and played for the val-d ` or foreurs , moncton wildcats , and cape breton screaming eagles , spending four seasons in the qmjhl .
yatzenko is then struck with the hammer in order to ensure that he is dead .
singin ' in the rain is a 1952 musical film starring gene kelly , debbie reynolds , donald o'connor and jean hagen and directed by gene kelly and stanley donen .
the penguin is a penguin american video game series . they are batman & robin .
the muppet described the resulting sound as `` an ear-splitting sonic mcintosh '' .
he continued as an engineer until 1994 when he started producing some work for oasis at the end of the definitely maybe sessions .
the court on february 11 , 2009 , the court in dnepropetrovsk found igor suprunyuck and viktor sayenko guilty of premeditated murder , and sayenko was found guilty of murder , while sayenko was found guilty of 18 murders ,
a common mistake -lrb- wrong thing -rrb- is that larry gelbart wrote for your show , caesar 's hour , which ran from 1954 to 1957 .
arthur schopenhauer -lrb- february 22 , 1788 â `` september 21 , 1860 -rrb- was a german philosopher .
his friends of these analysis of will , his views on human motivation and desire , and his aphoristic writing style influenced many well-known thinkers , richard wagner jung , otto freud , carl gustav jung , otto rank , and jorge luis dojo .
being color blind can change this , and there have been reports of people with four types of cones , giving them tetrachromatic vision .
cone cells , or cones , are photoreceptor cells in the retina of the retina of the eye . they are responsible for color vision ; they function best in relatively bright light .
they are also able to perceive finer detail and more rapid changes in images , because their response times to stimuli are faster than those of rods .
alexander elliot anderson `` alex '' salmond msp -lrb- born 31 december 1954 -rrb- is a scottish politician .
viktor asks the defense that he had a `` psychological need '' to be called the ringleader .
because humans usually have three kinds of cones with different photopsins . this have different response curves and thus respond to variation in color in different ways , they have trichromatic vision .
it runs through fukushima prefecture and 2ggg prefecture , rising from springs in the peaks of the nasu mountains , collecting water from tributaries leaving the å u mountains and the abukuma highlands , then emptying into pacific ocean mountains and the abukuma highlands , then emptying into pacific ocean .
christian panucci -lrb- born 12 april 1973 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
my dying bride are an english doom metal band .
lido `` lee '' iacocca -lrb- born october 15 , 1924 -rrb- is an american businessman , and television .
loni kaye anderson -lrb- born august 5 , 1945 -rrb- is an american actress .
the name camille was later retired .
the 1969 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1969 , and lasted until november 30 , 1969 .
it is the first film in the indiana jones franchise , and it pits indiana jones -lrb- ford -rrb- against the nazis , who search for the ark of the covenant .
the film 's critical and popular success led to three additional films , indiana jones and the temple of doom -lrb- 1984 -rrb- , indiana jones and the last crusade .
raiders of the lost ark is a movie directed by steven spielberg . it was produced by george lucas and starring harrison ford in the movie .
shorter wavelength radars allowed detection of smaller objects .
the high power of pulses from the cavity magnetron made centimetre-band radar practical .
the compact cavity magnetron tube found out of radar sets so that they could be installed in anti-submarine aircraft and escort ships .
the `` resonant '' cavity magnetron variant of the earlier magnetron tube was invented by randall and boot in 1940 .
the cavity magnetron is a very small vacuum tube that generates microwaves using the interaction of a stream of electrons with a magnetic field .
at present , cavity magnetrons are commonly used in microwave ovens and in various radar applications .
fresnicourt-le-dolmen is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
jã nos bolyai -lrb- december 15 , 1802 - january 27 , 1860 -rrb- was a hungarian mathematician , known for his work in non-euclidean geometry .
the armenian revolutionary army -lrb- ara -rrb- was a paramilitary organization , thought to be renamed from the group `` justice commandos against armenian genocide '' .
vitaly aleksandrovich petrov -lrb- born september 8 , 1984 in vyborg , russian -rrb- is a russian formula one racing driver .
heuringhem is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in 3d space a very small perturbation of two parallel or intersecting lines will almost certainly turn them into skew lines .
skew lines are two lines that do not intersect intersect and are not parallel .
viva la vida or death and all his friends -lrb- released as a single -rrb- , is a song by the alternative rock band coldplay . it was written by the rock band coldplay .
`` viva la vida '' was first released only with itunes store pre-orders of viva la vida or death and all his friends on 7 may 2008 â `` the new edit .
the 2002 fifa world cup was a football -lrb- soccer -rrb- sporting event that was held in republic of korea from 31 may to 30 may .
the gustatory system is the sensory system for the sense of taste .
according to a study of over 300 adults , on average men cry once every month ; women cry at least five times per month , women cry at least five times per month , especially before and during the menstrual cycle when crying can increase up to 5 times the normal rate , often without obvious reasons -lrb- such as depression or sadness -rrb- .
telnet was developed in 1969 with rfc 15 , extended in rfc 854 , and standardized as internet engineering task force -lrb- ietf -rrb- internet .
aphids -lrb- apalachicola -rrb- and at the mouth of the khalsa river -lrb- .
`` empire state of mind '' is a song by american rapper and hip hop artist jay-z .
the song is an anthemic ode to both artists ' native new york , and features a music sample of `` love on a two-way street '' -lrb- 1970 -rrb- by the moments .
the metropolitan opera association of new york city was founded on april 28 , 1880 .
the music director is james levine .
the metropolitan opera is america 's largest classical music organization . it is about 200 opera performances .
the blood orange is a variety of orange -lrb- citrus sinensis -rrb- .
the fruit is smaller than an average orange .
service dogs such as guide dogs , utility dogs , assistance dogs , hearing dogs , utility dogs , assistance dogs , and psychological therapy dogs provide assistance to individuals with physical or mental disabilities .
there are many different kinds of dog , such as the raccoon dog .
the montreal wanderers were a canadian amateur , and later becoming a professional men 's ice hockey team .
the term `` dog '' comes from the term `` dog '' ; lupus , `` dog '' ; lupus , `` dog '' ; `` of a household '' or `` domestic '' -rrb- .
the english name periwinkle is shared with the related genus catharanthus -lrb- and also with the common builds mollusc , littorina littorea -rrb- .
les croã '' tes is a commune of the aube dã partement in the north-central part of france .
the letter p showing a pawn is not used , so that e4 means `` pawn moves to the square e4 '' .
in some opening lines , the exact sequence considered best for both sides has been worked out to more than 30 moves .
the object of cushion the opponent is to checkmate the opponent .
before the formation of the nhl , the `` redbands '' were one of the most successful teams in hockey .
chess games and positions are recorded using a special notation , most often algebraic chess notation .
the endgame -lrb- or end game or ending -rrb- is the stage of the game when there are few pieces left on the board .
when a pawn moves two squares , the pawn passed over .
most countries have a national chess organization called `` chess federation '' .
hiroshi soejima -lrb- born 26 july 1959 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
if a pawn moves to its last rank , it has lost , and the piece chosen is indicated after the move .
recognized sequences of opening moves are referred to as openings and have been given names such as the ruy lopez or sicilian defense .
a chess opening is a group of clubs .
in the illustrations , the pictures of a piece of chess in the pictures becomes pictures if there are more than other pieces at this time .
barbara jill walters -lrb- born september 25 , 1929 , in new york city , new york -rrb- is an american news award-winning journalist and a writer . soon he was the host of the tv show the television newsmagazine .
in both game , each king is allowed to make a special move , known as castling .
at the end of the game , `` 1 â `` 0 '' means `` white won '' .
they are recorded in reference works such as the encyclopaedia of chess openings .
when a pawn advances to the eighth rank , as a part of the move it is promoted and must be exchanged for the player 's choice of queen , limp , bishop , or knight of the same color .
abbreviated -lrb- or short -rrb- algebraic notation generally forms moves in the format `` abbreviation of the piece moved â `` file where it moved â `` rank where it moved â `` rank where it moved â `` rank where it moved â `` rank where it moved . ''
it is illegal for a player to make a move that would put or leave his own king in check .
the moving for scanning was not needed for scanning .
barbara has another half sister , walda walters anderson from a different mother and barbara 's father , lou walters .
reciprocal to a tributary is a tributary of an egg .
roll is a kind of rock music that developed in the early 1940s .
alternative and roll are the main hit rock band from the 1920s .
stream drainage in erie flows northward into lake erie , then through lake ontario , the st. lawrence river , and out to the atlantic ocean .
a complete performance was not given until 1965 , almost half a decade after ives 's death .
a fight between discordance and traditional tonal music is heard in the final movement .
the piece ends quietly with just the percussion playing at a distance .
he also had a lot of other symphonies , but it is also known as the challenge for the highly unusual combination of trumpet , four flutes , and string orchestra .
he is now best known for his orchestral music , he composed two string quartets and other works of chamber music .
on november 4 , 1894 charles 's father died , a crushing blow to the young composer , but to a large degree ives continued the musical experimentation he had begun with george ives .
the variations differ sharply : a running line , a set of close harmonies , a march , and a polonaise ; the interludes are one of the first uses of bitonality ; william schuman arranged this for orchestra in 1964 and again for symphonic band in 1968 .
he left the nhl after the 1960 season .
the strings -lrb- located offstage -rrb- play very slow , chorale-like music throughout the piece while on several occasions the trumpet -lrb- metro -rrb- plays a short motif that ives described as `` the eternal question of existence '' .
ives published a large collection of his songs , many of which had piano parts that paralleled modern movements in europe , including bitonality and pantonality .
perhaps the most remarkable piece of orchestral music ives completed was his fourth symphony -lrb- 1910 â `` 16 -rrb- .
mian channu tehsil is an administrative subdivision -lrb- tehsil -rrb- of khanewal district in the punjab province of pakistan .
he played several seasons in the ahl before retiring after the 1969 season .
a puce is a red .
the gharial of rhamphorhynchus housed needle-like teeth , which were angled forward , with a curved , sharp , powerful tip lacking teeth , indicating a diet mainly of fish and insects .
diagramming software is a program that is used to make graphical diagrams .
jean-marie pfaff -lrb- born 4 december 1953 -rrb- is a former belgian football player .
for example , the war will become known as one , must entail some degree of confrontation using weapons and other military technology . this is done by military of military .
david theodore creighton -lrb- born june 24 , 1930 in port arthur , ontario -rrb- is a retired canadian ice hockey forward .
the statistical analysis of war was pioneered by lewis fry richardson following world war i. more recent databases of wars and armed conflict have been assembled by the correlates of war project , peter brecke and the 1922 conflict data program .
the cord cord is the name given to the cord-like structure in males formed by the ductus deferens and surrounding tissue that run from the abdomen down to each fibrous .
commonly used ingredients include sesame oil , doenjang -lrb- fermented bean paste -rrb- , soy sauce , salt , garlic , ginger , pepper and gochujang -lrb- fermented red chili paste -rrb- .
the word `` tteok '' refers to all kind of rice cakes made from either pounded rice -lrb- ë '' ë '' , metteok -rrb- , pounded glutinous rice -lrb- ì ë -- , chaltteok -rrb- or glutinous rice left whole , without pounding .
korean cuisine is largely based on rice , noodles , tofu and meats .
traditional cakes are often eaten with other rice cakes .
traditional korean meals are noted for the number of side dishes .
it is served either filled or covered with a steel paste , red bean paste , mashed red beans , raisins , a sweetened filling made with sesame seeds , sweet pumpkin , beans , jujubes , pine nuts , and honey .
guitar hero encore : rocks the 80s -lrb- titled titled guitar hero : rocks the 80s in europe -rrb- is a music video game made by the 1980s .
walton decided to concentrate on the retail business instead of the shopping centers and opened larger stores which were called `` walton 's family center . ''
samuel moore `` sam '' walton -lrb- march 29 , 1918 â `` april 5 , 1992 -rrb- was a businessman from petoskey , kansas .
he left his ownership in wal-mart to his wife and their children : rob walton succeeded his father as the chairman of the board of wal-mart , and john walton was a director until his death in a 2005 plane crash .
the walton family held five spots in the top ten richest people in the united states until 2005 .
rã my is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
creighton started his national hockey league career with the boston bruins in 1948 .
there is also a private pleasure , in the australian national flag .
on the centenary of the first flying of the flag , 3 september 2001 , the australian national flag association presented the prime minister with a flag intended to replace the missing original flag .
when a batter takes his turn to hit , the swift crouches behind home plate , in front of the umpire , and receives the ball from the pitcher .
catcher is a position for a baseball or softball player .
aluã sio francisco da luz -lrb- born 1 march 1931 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
syria national football team is the national football team of syria .
ã res-les-vall ã es is a commune of 1 184 people -lrb- 2007 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
it was released as the lead single for rihanna 's third album , good girl gone bad .
takeshi aoki -lrb- born 13 october 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for kashima antlers .
he was completed in 1979 but died before the project was completed in 1979 .
it is a misunderstood color and is covered with rough touch .
the only host plant is wild cotton -lrb- gossypium thurberi -rrb- .
thurberiphaga diffusa is a moth that is in the family noctuidae .
fã lix houphouã `` t-boigny -lrb- 18 october 1905 â `` 7 december 1993 -rrb- , affectionately called papa houphouã `` t or le vieux , was the first president of cã te d'ivoire .
the original mega man was also the main inspiration for the gameplay in mega man 9 , also called the gameplay .
it was the ninth numbered game in the original mega man series , mega man 9 , is a platform video game made by capcom for the playstation and sega saturn game consoles .
mega man 9 , known in japan as is a platform video game made by capcom for the wii game console .
chromium -lrb- ii -rrb- oxide , also known as chromium oxide , is a chemical compound .
fucsovics played alongside mã tã zsiga , but they lost to guilherme clã zar and tiago fernandes in the second round .
stephen black -lrb- march 31 , 1927 â `` june 12 , 2008 -rrb- was a professional ice hockey player from thunder bay , ontario .
in january 2006 , waved announced that he would skip the isis chess tournament in wijk awski zee to seek out treatment for his arthritis .
after two years in the minors , he finally cracked the nhl with the detroit red wings .
as his defensive skills increased , his overall game improved , and was picked to play in the 1950 nhl all star game .
with the detroit red wings , black wore the # 19 jersey , which would decades later , is worn by steve yzerman .
the 1950 wings were already deep in offensive talent with established players such as gordie iâ , ted lindsay and sid abel , so black was told to concentrate on the defensive aspect of the game .
he played in the minor leagues for three more seasons before retiring from hockey in 1954 .
in 1946 black joined the oakland seals of the pchl and showed enough talent to move up to the ahl the following season .
he would play 39 games for chicago that season which would also be his last in the nhl .
the highlight of his career came that spring when he won the stanley cup with the red wings .
mick denis -lrb- born 4 january 1949 -rrb- is an english football player . he has played for surrey national team .
valentin louis vulture eugã -lrb- 10 july 1871 â `` 18 november 1922 -rrb- was a french writer .
the infrared spitzer space telescope show a diameter of 10370 to be 70 km -lrb- 50 miles -rrb- wide .
it belongs to the class of icy planetoids that are known as centaurs , with an orbit that crosses the orbits of neptune and uranus .
the university has 18 division i -lrb- ncaa -rrb- sports and its athletics teams are known as the `` scotty '' .
dexter is an american television drama series that centers on dexter -lrb- michael c. hall -rrb- , a forensic bloodstain pattern analyst for the miami metro police department who moonlights as a serial killer .
the crystal city -lrb- 2003 -rrb- is an alternate history\/fantasy book that was written by orson scott card .
huxley coined the term `` phanerothyme , '' from the greek terms for `` manifest '' -lrb- ï î î 1\/2 î ï ï ï -rrb- and `` spirit '' -lrb- î ï
it causes him great physical discomfort while playing .
the term psychedelic is derived from the greek words ï ï
mayhem is a black metal band from norway .
chavannes-sur-suran is a commune .
tmb is the company operating the line and handled by the division line in two : line 9 and line 10 .
vladimir borisovich kramnik -lrb- ; born 25 june 1975 -rrb- is a russian chess grandmaster .
line 9 -lrb- lã nia 9 in catalan -rrb- will be the longest automatic metro line in europe .
the austrian cup , in german : ã -- fb-cup is an annual football competition held by the austrian football association .
lyrically and things are reductions to a basic price of goods or services .
the book follows the meteoric rise and eventual fall of an early rock 'n' roll singer named stag preston .
he plays for bochum and ghana national team .
makoto hasebe -lrb- born 10 august 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
i have not yet found somebody who has told me they 've seen the wall of china from earth orbit .
... i 've asked various people , particularly shuttle guys , that have been many orbits around china in the daytime , and the ones i 've talked to to did n't see it . ''
in 2001 , neil armstrong said about the view from apollo 11 : `` i do not believe that , at least with my eyes , there would be any man-made object that i could see .
below is the list of wikipedia articles about basketball players who have played for the los angeles clippers nba team .
the most common ones are the cremasteric and bass .
it is near to south africa and new mexico .
interstate 25 is a south expressway through wyoming and is the current north -- south expressway through wyoming .
the definition of this term in the report is quite well known and often cited :
the jr left jessica motorsports and phoenix racing after the 2009 season to drive full time for the # 12 dodge for penske racing in 2010 .
shortly afterwards , he was called by car owner dale earnhardt , jr. .
in 2007 , keselowski started running in the nascar busch series full time and for rookie of the year honors with keith coleman , which is the team stopped in july .
on 30 december 2006 he married french journalist marie-laure germon .
dracovenator is a name of a genus of dinosaur from the early jurassic where it was a leading place which lived in what is now south africa .
whsv news 3 , as it is owned by gray television and has its transmitter located west of the town of stanley on massanutten mountain .
whsv-tv , channel 3 -lrb- digital 49 -rrb- , is an abc kid television station for the harrisonburg , virginia , market .
fã lix-alexandre guilmant -lrb- 12 march 1837 -- 29 march 1911 -rrb- was a french organist and composer .
he is also diagnosed with an uncommon form of arthritis , called ankylosing spondylitis .
groups created include toshiba emi -lrb- 1960 -rrb- , toshiba international corporation -lrb- 1970 -rrb- , toshiba international corporation -lrb- 1970 -rrb- , toshiba chemical and technology -lrb- 1989 -rrb- , toshiba america information systems -lrb- 1989 -rrb- , toshiba america information systems -lrb- 1989 -rrb- and toshiba carrier corporation -lrb- 1999 -rrb- .
toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .
angusville is a small community in the canadian province of manitoba , located in the rural municipality of silver creek .
peter sellers , cbe -lrb- 8 september 1925 - 24 july 1980 -rrb- , known as peter sellers .
an apostle is a -lrb- religious -rrb- messenger and ambassador .
it 's a fun song , but it 's kind of a drag because maxwell keeps destroying everyone like his girlfriend the school teacher .
like most drumheads , timpani heads can be made from two materials : animal skin -lrb- typically calfskin or goatskin -rrb- and plastic -lrb- typically pet film -rrb- .
most timpani have six to eight tension rods .
changing the pitch , the pitch of a timpani by turning each tension rod individually .
they are commonly used than natural skin heads .
the drumhead is also a affixed .
however , many professional players prefer skin heads because they produce a warmer , better quality dx .
by far , the most common type of timpani used today is the pedal timpani , which allows the tension of the head to be adjusted using a pedal mechanism .
they are based on the size of the head , not the size of the timpani bowl .
popper claimed that , if a theory is falsifiable , then it is scientific .
the pichilemu earthquake was caused by the change in regional stress from the 27 february earthquake .
although news media reported the earthquake as an aftershock of the february earthquake in chile , a preliminary geological summary issued it to be an independent earthquake .
a tsunami warning warning is a part of the central nervous system of the epicenter , between la serena and concepciã n. the hydrographic and oceanographic service -- shoa , a chilean navy agency , issued a tsunami warning between coquimbo and los lagos regions .
the earthquake took place shortly before the new president of chile , sebastiã n piã era , was sworn in , at about 12:15 local time -lrb- 15:15 utc -rrb- , at the chilean congress in 0.7 so , where the shaking was clearly felt .
in 1931 , it was a magnitude of 93 km , which struck o'higgins , chile , at 10:52 a.m. on 2 may 2010 at the epicenter , at a depth of 20,465,000 km and epicenter 12 k northwest of pichilemu , according to the university of chile geological service .
it is the sole surviving regency of the country in the country .
not all the beet can be crystallised immediately , and some is kept in solution in holding tanks until late spring and early summer , when the plant has spare crystallising capacity .
famous people from bury st edmunds include author norah lofts , artist rose mead and michael maloney theater director sir peter hall , author maria lousie de la ramã -lrb- also known as ouida -rrb- .
this is from the proto-indo-european root \* bhrgh meaning `` fortified elevation '' , with cognates including welsh bera -lrb- `` stack '' -rrb- and sanskrit bhrant - -lrb- `` high , elevated building '' -rrb- .
the public area is banned to the public due to building work .
during a peak of local musical activity in bury st edmunds in 2002 , he referred to the town as ` the new seattle ' .
the town 's main football club bury town , is the fourth oldest non-league team in england .
bury -lrb- or `` . '' -rrb- is a british sugar factory that can be found in sugar .
the opening for the tower took place in july 2005 , and included a brass band concert and fireworks .
among noteworthy buildings is st mary 's church , where mary tudor , queen of france and sister of tudor king henry viii , was re-buried , six years after her death .
660 lorry-loads of beet can be accepted each day when beet is being harvested .
he returned from treatment in june 2006 , playing in the 37th chess olympiad .
they play in the isthmian league premier division .
the name bury is something that is connected with the borough of the old norse `` borg '' meaning `` wall . ''
there is a network of tunnels which are evidence of chalk-workings , though there is no evidence of extensive tunnels under the town center .
king is part of the magna carta in 1214 .
although not from bury st edmunds , bbc radio 1 dj john peel lived nearby in great finborough and , on 12 november 2004 , his funeral took place at the cathedral .
another beer-related landmark is britain 's smallest public house , the nutshell , which is on the travel , just off the marketplace .
the cathedral was made with a `` end '' in the 1960s , starting by benjamin britten .
the sugar is made from the silver bowl .
by-products include molassed sugar beet feed for cattle and limex70 , a soil improver .
among the victims were 17 members of bury st edmunds rugby club , returning from france .
it has collections of fine art , for example mary beale , costume , e.g. charles frederick worth , horology , local and social history ; including red sox murder and witchcraft .
because of their unsafe nature the chalk-workings are not open to the public , however , viewing has been granted to individuals .
also constructions in soil can fail due to shear ; e.g. , the weight of an earth-filled dam or dike may cause the subsoil to collapse , like a small landslide .
a shear stress , denoted -lrb- greek : tau -rrb- , is defined as a stress which is applied to a face of a material , as opposed to a normal stress which is applied over .
cã cero joã # o de cã zare -lrb- born 24 june 1980 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for roma .
a marsh is different from a swamp , which has a greater proportion of open water surface and may be deeper than a marsh .
in geography , a marsh , or morass , is a type of wetland that is subject to frequent or continuous flood
in north america , the term `` swamp '' is used for wetland in north america .
federico balzaretti -lrb- born 6 december 1981 -rrb- is an italian football player . he plays for palermo and italy national team .
the 2n amendment -lrb- amendment petronas -rrb- declares both congress and the states from conditioning the right to vote in federal elections on payment of a poll tax or other types of tax .
a march 16 , 2007 post at orange lounge radio reported that namco bandai announced beautiful katamari to retailers , which included a release for the xbox 360 , playstation 3 and the wii .
liqueurs is a german word for . .
sir sir sir sir sir arnold , was born in london in 1861 .
norman ernest borlaug -lrb- march 25 , 1914 - september 12 , 2009 -rrb- was an american diplomat .
the song was very popular in the united states , even managing to hit number 26 on the billboard hot 100 airplay , the lack of a commercial single prevented the song from charting on the billboard hot 100 .
the song was written by frontman billie joe armstrong about his struggle with anxiety joe armstrong about his struggle with anxiety and armstrong about his struggle .
the song spent five weeks at the top of the modern rock tracks chart .
harnes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
after landing , injuring uses his cigarette lighter to inflict the trail of leaking fuel , which travels right back to the plane , ignites the rest of the fuel and destroys the plane , killing all passengers on board .
also in 1986 , sundquist , who by that point had a wife and a child , decided to back out of the band and become a normal family .
before stuart 's henchmen can kill barnes , injuring bursts in through an air vent .
dulles communications director leslie barnes -lrb- art evans -rrb- heads to the unfinished annex skywalk with a swat team to establish communications with the planes .
die hard 2 -lrb- sometimes called die as die harder -rrb- is a 1990 action film .
the low-lying county contained the wealthy and politically independent city of london on its southern boundary and was dominated by it from a very early time .
after a royal commission on local government in greater london , almost all of the original area was incorporated into an enlarged greater london in 1965 , with small parts transferred to neighbouring hertfordshire and surrey .
there are increasing suburbanisation and expansion of public transport , and the setting up of new industries outside the inner london area .
the fault allowed the midland valley to descend as a major rift by up to 4000 metres and there was later vertical movement .
this wind vertical movement , was later replaced by a horizontal shear .
the highland boundary fault was active during the caledonian orogeny , a plate tectonic collision which took place from mid ordovician to mid age -lrb- 520 to 400 million years ago -rrb- , during the closure of the iapetus ocean .
hiroki mihara -lrb- born 20 april 1978 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
they were briefly left without a drummer until they were able to lure skin yard drummer matt cameron away from his band .
bun ' å was a japanese era after shå ka and before kå chå .
this era lasted from april 1260 to february 1261 .
at the fall of the monarchy , she escaped revolutionary russia .
at age 15 , though xenia and alexander wanted to marry , her parents were reluctant to trust because xenia was too young and they were unsure of alexander 's character .
xenia , like her brothers , received her education from private sages .
they traveled around playing various shows with this lineup for about a year .
olga 's younger sister , olga , wrote about the joy of her wedding , `` the emperor was so happy .
it was a difficult political time , plagued with terrorist threats and for security reasons alexander iii moved with his family from the winter palace to gatchina palace .
jasper visits rosa at the nuns ' house and professes his love for her .
penalties for jaywalking vary by state or province and , within a state , may vary by county or municipality .
charles n ` zogbia -lrb- born 28 may 1986 -rrb- is a french football player . he plays for wigan athletic .
many predatory mammals have protractile claws that can partially hide inside the animal 's paw , especially the felidae , where almost all of its members have fully protractible claws .
the unguis is the harder external layer , which consists of a type of keratin fibers arranged perpendicular to the direction of growth and in layers at an oblique angle .
the correct term for an insect 's `` claw '' is a chela -lrb- plural chelae -rrb- .
similar appendages which are flat and do not come to a sharp point are called nails instead .
a nail is like a claw but is sturgeon and has a curved edge instead of a point .
these individuals do not have actual claws ; instead the unguis appears normal with the addition of a thick growth of subunguis .
they do not dare let rosa contact if they were deprived . jasper may be watching neville , but mr. tartar allows rosa to visit his chambers in order to contact helena above the courtyard .
the claw grows outward from the nail matrix at the base of the unguis and the subunguis grows thicker while traveling across the nail bed .
in hair , this results in the hair falling out and being replaced by a new one .
a nail that is big enough to bear weight is called a ` hoof ' -lrb- see also horse hoof . -rrb-
in tetrapods , claws are made of a substitute .
legs bearing a chela are called chelipeds .
a claw is a curved , pointed rebuttal , found at the end of a toe or finger in most mammals , birds , and some reptiles .
domesticated equids -lrb- horses , donkeys and mules -rrb- usually need regular trimming by a farrier , as a consequence of reduced activity on hard ground .
they are used to catch prey in carnivorous mammals , such as cats and dogs , but may also be used for such purposes as digging , climbing trees , etc. .
in claws , this results in an abscission layer , and the old segment breaks off .
a claw is made of hard protein called a lump .
cats are working old unguis layers off on wood or on boards made for the purpose .
the unguis grows outward faster than the subunguis to produce a curve and the thinner sides of the claw wear away faster than their thicker middle , producing a more sharp point .
every so often , the growth of claws stops and restarts , as does hair .
this process takes several months for human thumbnails .
it palomar barker -lrb- born october 5 , 1952 in london , england -rrb- is a british writer and the film director . it is most famous for his work in both fantasy and horror films .
matilda is clear that matilda will a better life with miss honey .
on the four quarrel with each other until lysander and demetrius become so enraged that they seek a place to duel the death to prove whose love for helena is the greatest .
in athens , theseus , hippolyta and the lovers watch the six workmen perform pyramus and thisbe .
oberon were puck to keep lysander and demetrius from catching it with one another and to remove the charm from lysander .
when demetrius decides to go to sleep , oberon sends puck to get helena while he charms demetrius ' eyes .
there is also a third form of ` shiogama ' , taking as its first strange the old character for salt '' state 1\/2 '' .
neville landless and his twin sister helena are sent to cloisterham for their education .
http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/special:landingcheck?landing_page=wmfja085&language=en&utm_source=donate&utm_medium=sidebar&utm_campaign=20101204sb002
world youth day 2008 was held in sydney , with the papal mass held on the sunday at randwick racecourse .
a spliceosome is a complex of specialized rna and protein subunits that removes introns from a transcribed pre-mrna -lrb- hnrna -rrb- segment .
each spliceosome is made of five small nuclear rna proteins .
generally , this is called splicing .
this is a list of all pacific hurricanes that have had their names on the names below .
voldemort 's mother died in response to voldemort 's reappearance , dumbledore 's .
fortman also co-owns a recording studio called balance productions which is located in louisiana .
more recently , he has acted in cow mindstorms and the cheetah girls , and the television series kevin hill , sue thomas .
when he is mr. grewgious and rosa , mr. tartar calls and asks if he remembers him .
civrac-sur-dordogne is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
it is also used to collect location data .
a hybrid mobile phone can take more than one bothered card , even of different types .
a mobile phone -lrb- also called mobile phone or cell phone is a type of telephone machine -rrb- .
; first , martin cooper , a sherman researcher and executive is considered to be the inventor of the first practical mobile phone for mobile use in a non-vehicle setting , after a long race against bell labs for the first portable mobile phone for the first portable mobile phone series
this lock may be disabled so that the phone can use other service providers ' sim cards .
gsm mobile phones require a small microchip identity module or sim card , which are known as `` mobile card '' .
he was an exceptionally active campaigner and critic in the crisis years in italy after the first world war and into the early years of fascist rule .
seo jung-won -lrb- born 17 december 1970 -rrb- is a former south korean football player .
this time she follows him all the way to his home in cloisterham ; outside she meets mr. datchery , who tells her jasper 's name and that he will sing the next morning in the cathedral service .
wave power is the transport of energy by ocean surface waves , and the capture of that energy to do useful work â '' for example for electricity generation , water purification , or the pumping of water -lrb- into reservoirs -rrb- .
luigi de agostini -lrb- born 7 april , 1961 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
in 2007 , humberto made landfall in high island .
haverhill is a town in palm beach county , florida , united states .
they need for speed : most wanted for speed : most wanted for speed : most wanted for speed : most wanted 5-1-0 is a playstation portable .
blerim johnsen -lrb- born 12 april 1986 -rrb- is a swiss football player .
according to sir isaac newton 's - year-old laws of motion and an important formula that sprang from his work , an object with a mass , at one meter per second per second -lrb- about one-tenth the acceleration due to earthâ s gravity -rrb- when acted upon by a force , f , of one newton .
if one were to stand behind a large adult sitting in a swing and give him a strong push , the adult would accelerate relatively slowly and swing only a limited distance forwards before beginning to swing backwards .
however , since objects in microgravity still retain their mass and inertia , an astronaut must exert ten times as much force to accelerate a 10kilogram object at the same rate as a 1kilogram object .
for other uses , see boa constrictor .
though all boids are constrictors , only this species is properly referred to as `` boa constrictor '' . an almost unique instance of an animal having the same common and scientific binomial name .
it is a common sight in both zoos and private reptile collections .
captive life expectancy is 20 to 30 years , with rare accounts of over 40 years , making them a long-term commitment as a pet .
all subspecies are called `` boa constrictors '' .
much of the other pieces in the country include in belize , guatemala , guatemala , el salvador , nicaragua , costa rica , nicaragua , costa rica and panama -rrb- .
other common names include `` jibã ia '' -lrb- latin american -rrb- and `` macajuel '' -lrb- trinidadian , pronounced mah-cah-well -rrb- .
kellner sonoda the birth of german democracy after the war .
118 , in worms .
at rallies near the gutenberg museum , which honored johannes gutenberg has been violated at rallies near the gutenberg museum , mein kampf , and yell out to the crowd : `` gutenberg , your printing press has been violated by this evil book . ''
in fear of jasper , rosa goes to mr. grewgious in london .
then the ditch was filled with dirt even as he could hear screams coming from people still alive in the ditch .
he watched as naked jewish men and women were placed in front of a long deep trench and upon the order of the ss were shot by ukrainians in the back of their heads and they fell into the ditch .
these inhuman atrocities were so terrible that some of the ukrainians , who were used as tools , suffered nervous breakdowns .
isigny-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
he was appointed district auditor in the regional court in giessen until his retirement in 1950 .
in 2007 cci entertainment , a canadian film company , produced a documentary film entitled my opposition : the diaries of friedrich kellner , which interweaves the stories of kellner and his american grandson .
my opposition consists of 10 books with a total of 861 pages .
thermodynamic power cycles are the basis for the operation of heat engines . this supply most of the world 's electric power and run almost all motor vehicles .
cycles that model external combustion engines include the brayton cycle , which models gas turbines , and the rankine cycle , which models steam turbines .
two primary classes of thermodynamic cycles are power cycles and heat pump cycles .
xangsane made landfall in the philippines , battering the northern islands with heavy rains and landslides .
power cycles are cycles which convert some heat input into a mechanical work output , while heat pump cycles transfer heat from low to high temperatures using mechanical work input .
the first law of thermodynamics dictates that the net heat input is equal to the net work output over any cycle .
a thermodynamic cycle consists of a series of thermodynamic processes , making pressure , while temperature , temperature , and other state variables , eventually returning a system to its initial state .
on the day of her death she was reported to have held hands with her twin brother as she walked to her death .
mary condemned 277 people for heresy .
later that day the jtwc upgraded as the depression moved towards the west it was upgraded to a tropical storm by the jtwc .
the public execution took place at wind burton on the burton road in derby .
joan waste -lrb- 1534 â `` 1 august 1556 -rrb- was a blind woman who was burned in derby for refusing to give her protestant faith .
she was hanged over the fire with a rope and she fell into the fire when the rope burned through .
ralph baines , the bishop of coventry and lichfield was deprived of his shoulder .
draycot was sent to be a prisoner of the fleet and died after being released in 1571 .
in such latitudes , ponds can give nests to protect themselves and the young from cold and predators .
there is also a seven-member council that oversees the technical issues and policies that oversees council members are elected for a period of one year , each year by the active gentoo developers .
philippine airlines canceled over half of its flights to and from ninoy international airport . various transit services also stopped service .
gentoo package management is designed to be modular , portable , easy to maintain , flexible , and optimized for the user 's machine .
currently it is officially supported and considered stable on x86 , i586 , ia-64 , running and powerpc alpha architectures .
gentoo linux is a computer operating system built on top of the linux kernel and was based on the walking package management system .
mohammad ali karimi pashaki -lrb- born 8 november 1978 in 1978 -rrb- more known as ali karimi , is an iranian professional football player .
the north british type 1 type was a type of diesel locomotive ordered under british railways ' 1955 modernisation plan . .
the railway station is serviced by v\/line services between melbourne and albury .
avenel was the hometown of ned kelly in his younger years , where he saved a boy from drowning in the local hughes creek .
the jtwc ceased advisories after landfall , while the jma carried the storm inland until it was over thailand as a tropical depression .
often , powder monkeys were boys or young teens selected for the job for their speed .
alair de souza camargo junior -lrb- born 27 january 1982 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
in unix and other computer multitasking operating systems , a daemon -lrb- or -rrb- is a computer program that runs in the background , rather than under the direct control of a user ; they are usually initiated as background processes .
typically daemons have names that end with the letter `` d '' : for example , syslogd , the daemon that handles the system log , or sshd , which handles incoming puffy connections .
alfonso soriano -lrb- born january 7 , 1976 in san pedro de macoris , dominican republic -rrb- is a major league baseball player .
he previously played for the new york yankees , texas rangers and washington nationals . he also played for the new york yankees , texas and washington nationals . he played for the new york yankees and washington nationals . he played for the new york yankees and washington nationals . he played for the new york yankees and washington nationals . he played for the new york yankees and washington nationals . he played for the new york yankees and washington nationals . he played for the new york yankees and washington nationals . he played for the new
storm signal number 2 , for winds of 60 â 100 km\/h -lrb- 37 â 62 mph -rrb- , was raised for northern samar island and central luzon island .
he is also a lead-off hitter for most of his career .
shattering -lrb- french and corsican -rrb- is a commune .
shattering -lrb- french and corsican -rrb- is a commune of the haute-garonne department of france .
on september 27 , pagasa issued storm signal number 3 , a warning for winds of 100 - 185 km\/h -lrb- 62 - 115 mph -rrb- , for areas of southern luzon .
the goaltender -lrb- also known as the goalie , goaler or netminder -rrb- in ice hockey is the player who defends his team 's goal net by stopping shots to stay in ice hockey .
fritz todt -lrb- 4 september 1891 , pforzheim â `` 8 february 1942 -rrb- was a german engineer and senior nazi figure .
the name allison was retired in the spring of 2002 .
allison killed the storm , which made landfall in $ 5 billion in damage .
early the next day xangsane was upgraded to a category 2 typhoon and then over the next six hours xangsane rapidly strengthened into a category 4 typhoon with wind speeds of 115 kts -lrb- 130 mph , 215 km\/h -rrb- .
his grandfather was pavel maximovich sokolov , a priest of the russian orthodox church from the tver region .
he is credited as being the creator of the first version of the periodic table of elements .
neither attempted to predict new elements .
another was lothar meyer , who published a paper in 1864 describing 28 elements .
other scientists had suggested that the 1860s that the elements are periodicity .
the lack of spaces for undiscovered elements and the placing of two elements in one box were criticized and his ideas were not accepted .
the russian chemist lev chugaev has said to be `` a chemist of genius , co-existed physicist , a fruitful researcher in the fields of hydrodynamics , meteorology , geology , certain branches of chemical technology -lrb- explosives , petroleum , and fuels , for example -rrb- and other disciplines in the field of economy '' .
after graduation , tuberculosis caused him to move to the crimean peninsula on the northern coast of the black sea in 1855 .
after the age of 13 , after the passing of his father and the destruction of his mother 's factory by fire , mendeleev attended the gymnasium in tobolsk .
in 1863 there were 56 known elements with a new element being discovered at a rate of approximately one per year .
mendeleev died in his first period .
hirotsugu nakabayashi -lrb- born 13 august 1986 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
woodruff , galium odoratum is a herbaceous perennial plant .
since 1972 , gaustadt is n't an independent community .
`` lange '' was also known by his nickname `` grutte pier '' -lrb- `` big pier '' in the old frisian spelling -rrb- , or by the dutch translations `` grote pier '' and `` lange pier '' , which gave him to the size and strength .
after passing over manila and emerging over the south china sea , the typhoon made a second landfall in central vietnam , also causing flooding and landslides there and in thailand .
saint-just is a commune .
the terminal asteroid and summary elements are the work breakdown structure of the project .
gantt charts can be used to show current schedule status for percent-complete shadings and a vertical `` today '' line as shown here .
a gantt chart is a type of chart which shows the project schedule .
gantt charts illustrate the start and finish dates of the terminal elements and summary elements of a project .
mae west -lrb- 17 august 1893 â `` 22 november 1980 -rrb- was an american actress and playwright .
morris 's mini minor name caught the public imagination and the morris version outsold its austin twin , so the austin 's name was changed to mini to follow suit .
the mg brand is traditionally used for sports cars and nanjing . it is also used by the wash name would seem a logical brand for selling more standard cars .
the austin motor company was created in 1905 in 1952 .
urby diego diego -lrb- born 16 june 1986 -rrb- is a dutch football player . he plays for milan .
he is probably best known for hosting the game show trash to treasure and his role as `` dude '' in the n 's television series about a girl .
late on september 24 , 2006 , the joint typhoon warning center , noted that an area of convection , had persisted about 460 nm to the southeast of manila , in the philippines .
in may 1994 , calloway suffered a stroke .
he had a character in the movie the blues brothers , performing `` minnie the moocher '' , and again when he sang `` the jumpin ' jive '' .
cabell `` cab '' calloway iii -lrb- december 25 , 1907 -- november 18 , 1994 -rrb- was an american jazz singer .
netflix 's success has a lot of other dvd rental companies both in the united states and abroad , but none of the purely online companies appear to approach netflix in terms of market share or revenues .
villers-l ã s-cagnicourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
lake tahoe is a city in the southwestern part of nevada on the united states .
early that afternoon the jtwc reported that xangsane , had reached its peak wind speeds of 125 kts -lrb- 145 mph , 230 km\/h -rrb- .
josimar higino pereira -lrb- born 19 september , 1961 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
glory -lrb- from the latin gloria , `` fame , renown '' -rrb- is used to describe the manifestation of god 's presence in the judeo-christian religious tradition .
ballads has won awards with a brand of synthpop , and ballads backed with electronic rhythms , commonly known within the scene and referring to themselves as `` futurepop '' .
it was the fifteenth tropical storm and ninth typhoon recognized by the japan meteorological agency operationally during the season , although in post-operational analysis it became the tenth tropical storm , of the season with the addition of typhoon maria .
the roads north of the daintree river wind through areas of lush forest , and have been designed to minimize impacts on the forest .
meanwhile , the jma reported that xangsane had reached its peak wind speeds of 85 kts -lrb- 100 mph , 155 km\/h -rrb- .
when she claimed to have given birth to a few animal parts , a local surgeon , john howard , was called to investigate .
he delivered several pieces of animal flesh and duly notified other prominent physicians , which brought the matter to the attention of nathaniel st. andrã , surgeon to the royal household of king george i. .
mary toft -lrb- nã e denyer ; c. 1701 â `` 1763 -rrb- was an english woman from godalming , surrey .
toft found pregnant in 1726 and miscarried , following her reported fascination over the sighting of a rabbit .
xangsane then passed through the philippine islands , wreaking caused and becoming the strongest typhoon to directly impact metro manila in eleven years .
the resultant public mockery created panic within the medical profession and ruined the careers of several prominent surgeons .
beaumetz-l ã s-aire is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
closer is the second and final album by post-punk band joy division .
kurt angle -lrb- born december 9 , 1968 -rrb- is an american professional wrestler , actor and manager .
his best-known composition is the 1972 choral work african sanctus .
he lived near ramsbury in wiltshire in england , and died on 5 july 2010 from a stroke .
later on september 26 , the jma upgraded xangsane to a severe tropical storm , while six hours later both the jma and the jtwc upgraded xangsane to typhoon with the jtwc reporting wind speeds of a category one typhoon .
the word submarine was originally an adjective meaning `` under the sea '' ; consequently other uses such as `` submarine engineering '' or `` submarine cable '' may not actually refer at all to the vessel .
the rebellion is named after daniel shays .
a militia that had been raised as a private army defeated an attack on the government by the main shaysite force on february 3 , 1787 , and four rebels were killed in the action .
shays ' rebellion produced fears that the revolution 's democratic impulse had gotten out of hand .
`` upgrade u '' is a song recorded by american r&b singer beyoncã knowles .
he won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1932 with edgar adrian , 1st baron adrian in 1932 .
later that morning the jtwc reassessed the potential of the disturbance forming into a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours as good , and issued a tropical cyclone formation alert on the developing disturbance .
further inland lies a smooth , slowly rising landscape irrigated by many waterways , with fertile valleys and the northeastern sandy plain of the campine -lrb- kempen -rrb- .
the coastal plain consists of several sand dunes and polders .
peach orchard is a town in clay county , arkansas , united states for the united states .
it is the farthest member of the ananke group , retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km , at inclinations of about 150 â .
is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 22,721 mm in 699.676 days , at an inclination of 142 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 142 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.0932 .
according to the joint typhoon warning center , xangsane was the sixteenth tropical storm and tenth typhoon of the season .
cache coherence is a list of such conflicts .
referring to the `` multiple caches of shared resource '' figure , if the top client has a copy of a memory block from a previous read and the bottom client changes that memory block , the top client could be left with an invalid cache of memory without any notification of the change .
coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to the same memory location .
but do not have longer latencies -lrb- with a 3 hop request\/forward\/respond -rrb- but use much less bandwidth since messages is point to point .
these conditions are defined supposing that the read and write operations are made instantaneously .
this is particularly true of cpus in a multiprocessing system .
storm signal number 1 -lrb- 30 - 60 km\/h , 20 - 37 mph -rrb- was issued for northwestern luzon , including metro manila , and northern visayas , including the rest of samar island .
the meaning of computer cache is to the consistency of a block .
distributed memory memory is made of memory of memory that is one of the most popular product of blocks .
the memory is known that a written value must be seen by a following read instruction made by the other processors the show .
however , this does n't happen in computer hardware given memory latency and other aspects of the architecture .
a write by processor p1 may not be seen by a read from processor p2 if the read is made within a very small time after the write has been made .
every request must be broadcast to all nodes in a system , meaning that as the system gets larger , the size of the -lrb- logical or physical -rrb- bus and the bandwidth it provides must grow .
the indiana pacers are a professional basketball team .
the team captain of a football team , sometimes known as the skipper , is a team member of the team : it is often chosen to be the on-pitch leader of the team : it is often one of the older or more experienced members of the squad , or a player that can heavily influence a game .
vaux-en-bugey is a commune .
mysore also lends its name to the mysore mallige , the mysore style of painting , the sweet dish mysore pak , the mysore peta -lrb- a traditional silk turban -rrb- and the garment called the mysore silk saree .
mysore was known as mysore palace , jaganmohana palace which is now converted into an art gallery .
this tradition still continues and the wrestling competition held in mysore during the dasara celebrations attracts wrestlers from all over india .
the black-necked also features some of australia and new zealand 's top match officials .
religious studies is the study of religious beliefs , secular and institutions .
yuji goto -lrb- born 20 august 1985 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
in 2009 , robson 's breakthrough role was in crazy canucks , the story of the 1974 world cup ski champions .
early the next day both the japan meteorological agency and the philippine atmospheric , geophysical and astronomical services administration -lrb- pagasa -rrb- designated the tropical disturbance as a tropical depression with pagasa assigning the local name of tropical depression milenyo , to the depression .
seismograms typically record motions in three cartesian axes -lrb- x , y , and z -rrb- , with the z axis at the earth 's surface and the x - and y - axises parallel to the surface .
today , practically all seismograms are recorded digitally to make analysis by computer easier .
as of 2011 , felton has appeared in two of the harry potter films .
tom felton 's portrayal of draco malfoy in harry potter and the half-blood prince won him the mtv movie award for best villain in 2010 .
as it entered the south china sea as a weak typhoon , it began to come out and reached its secondary peak strength before landfall at danang , vietnam on october 1 .
today , military chocolate is issued to troops as part of basic field rations and sundry packs .
chocolate rations two purposes : as a morale boost , and as a narrow boost , pocket-sized emergency ration .
it was the third named storm of the 2009 atlantic hurricane season .
patrick hart -lrb- born may 27 , 1965 -rrb- is a retired australian professional tennis player .
errol leslie flynn -lrb- born 20 june 1909 ; died 14 october 1959 -rrb- was an australian actor .
early that afternoon the jtwc started to issue advisories on the disturbance and designated it as tropical depression 18w .
the colors in the ribbon are crimson , which represents federation , and blue and gold for the beginning of the 21st century .
at the center of the star is an indigenous styling , it is a way of aboriginal traditions at the heart of the continent .
around the rim are 100 dots depicting 100 years of federation .
the seven gold and red lines ante the states ' pathways to federation .
the bar and ribbon are the same so that a recipient can be identified as such .
the name changed from the name of `` the '' howard in 1925 .
some of the words encountered at larger events in conjunction with the national spelling bee , saying that the english language should not be used .
kenji fukuda -lrb- born 15 september 1972 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for ehime .
leigh hoped to co-star with olivier and made a screen test for rebecca , which was to be directed by alfred hitchcock with olivier in the leading role .
she won two best actress awards for playing `` southern belle '' : scarlett o'hara in gone with the wind -lrb- 1939 -rrb- and blanche dubois in a streetcar named desire -lrb- 1951 -rrb- , a role she also played on stage in london 's west end .
for much of her adult life leigh had what is now known as bipolar disorder .
on december 10 , 1991 in a referendum priscilla by local azerbaijanis , armenians in nagorno-karabakh approved the creation of an independent state .
the denver nuggets are a professional basketball team .
john cromwell -lrb- born 7 august 1946 -rrb- is a spanish football player .
a artificial intelligence -lrb- or artificial intelligence -rrb- is a branch of machines that can be made to measure intelligence in machines .
after a series of regime in france , it became the imperial national library and in 1868 was moved to newly constructed buildings on the rue de nste designed by henri labrouste .
spã racã des is a commune .
kim do-hoon -lrb- born 21 july 1970 -rrb- is a former south korean football player .
ebola is the virus ebolavirus -lrb- ebov -rrb- , a viral genus , fever -lrb- ehf -rrb- , a viral plant -lrb- vhf -rrb- , a viral hemorrhagic fever -lrb- vhf -rrb- .
the history of lower austria is very similar to the history of austria .
scholarly interest in creativity ranges widely : the relationship between creativity and general intelligence ; the mental and nerve processes associated with creative activity ; personality type and creative ability ; creativity and mental health ; creativity in education .
for example , people with down syndrome have a significantly increased risk of developing leukemia . genetic anemia can be a risk to the treatment .
aleukemia can occur in any of the four major types of leukemia , and is particularly common in hairy cell leukemia .
leukemia -lrb- american english -rrb- or leukemia -lrb- british english -rrb- is a type of cancer that is characterized by an abnormal increase of white blood cells .
the different leukemias likely have different causes .
no single known cause for all of the different types of leukemia exists .
in turn , it is part of the even broader group of diseases called hematological neoplasms .
the word leukemia , which means ` white blood ' , is derived from the disease 's namesake high white blood cell counts that most leukemia patients have before treatment .
sp1 became available to current windows vista users on windows update and the download center on march 18 , 2008 .
msdn subscribers were able to download sp1 on february 15 , 2008 .
however , it did not include internet explorer 8 : windows vista service pack 2 is build 6002.18005.090410-1830 .
support for the remaining 31 languages was released on april 14 , 2008 .
this caused microsoft to temporarily suspend automatic of the service pack until the problem was resolved .
windows vista service pack 1 -lrb- sp1 -rrb- was released on february 4 , 2008 with windows server 2008 to oem partners , it was a five-month beta test period .
the initial time of the service pack caused a number of machines to make reboot , rendering the machines unusable .
at first , the service pack only supported 5 languages - english , french , spanish , german and japanese .
service pack 2 for windows vista was released to manufacturing on april 28 , 2009 , and released to microsoft download center and windows update on may 26 , 2009 .
microsoft occasionally releases service packs for its windows operating systems to fix bugs and add new features .
the synchronized release date of the two operating systems reflected the merging of the workstation and server kernels back into a single code base for the first time since windows 2000 .
standard intelligence tests , such as the stanford-binet , are often inappropriate for children with autism .
the american psychological association 's report intelligence : knowns and unknowns stated that in the united states iq tests as predictors of social achievement are not biased against african americans since they predict future performance , such as school achievement , similarly to the way they predict future performance for whites .
they stated that individual differences in intelligence are substantially influenced by both genetics and environment .
the apa journal that published the statement , american psychologist , subsequently published eleven critical responses in january 1997 , several of them arguing that the report failed to examine adequately the evidence for partly-genetic explanations .
an intelligence quotient , or iq , is a score given from one of several different standardized tests designed to pull intelligence .
a 2005 study stated that `` differential validity may contain cultural influences that reduce the validity of the wais-r as a measure of cognitive ability for mexican american students , '' indicating a weaker positive correlation relative to claim white students .
iq scores have been shown to be associated with such factors as morbidity and mortality , parental social status , and , to a substantial degree , parental iq .
they have a lot of sleeping for adult occupational status . even when variables such as education and family background have been statistically independent .
when modern iq tests are constructed the median score is set to 100 and a standard deviation to 15 .
however , iq tests may well be biased when used in other situations .
in response to the controversy surrounding the bell curve , the american psychological association 's board of scientific affairs established a task force in 1995 to write a report on the state of intelligence research which could be used by all sides as a basis for discussion , `` intelligence : knowns and unknowns '' .
in this paper the representatives of the association regret that iq-related works are frequently written with a view to their political consequences : `` research findings were often assessed not so much on their merits or their scientific standing '' .
iq scores are used in many contexts : as predictors of educational achievement or special needs , by social scientists who study the distribution of iq scores in populations and the relationships between iq score and other variables , and as predictors of job performance and income .
myleene angela klass -lrb- born april 6 , 1978 in 1978 , british raj -rrb- is an english musician .
the term `` iq '' comes from german `` intelligenz-quotient '' , coined by the german psychologist william fer in 1912 , who proposed a method of scoring children 's intelligence tests .
the term `` iq '' comes from the german intelligenz-quotient .
other recent studies have already been bipolar tests when used in south africa .
sodium bismuthate is a chemical compound .
sodium hydroxide is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is nabio3 .
sandy has starred in many theatrical productions , including the one man show full committed , in which he played 40 characters .
harry lawrence `` little dempsey '' -lrb- february 8 , 1905 - december 12 , 1952 in detroit , michigan -rrb- was a canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played 11 seasons in the national hockey league for the 2007 cougars , detroit falcons and detroit red wings .
a prominent hollywood celebrity who vigorously supported a nominal reagan and reagan gave a well-received televised speech supporting goldwater .
les bordes-aumont is a commune of the aube dã partement in the north-central part of france .
he also composed notable scores for many other movies , including citizen kane , the ghost and mrs. muir , cape fear , and taxi driver .
bernard herrmann -lrb- june 29 , 1911 - december 24 , 1975 -rrb- was an american composer .
he worked much in radio drama -lrb- most notably for orson welles -rrb- , composed the scores for several fantasy films by ray harryhausen , and many tv programs including most notably rod serling 's the twilight zone and have gunâ `` will travel .
a new voice would not be heard in the full volume of an orchestra -rrb- .
the 1935 works were composed before june 1935 .
an academy award-winner -lrb- for the devil and daniel webster -rrb- , herrmann is particularly known for his playing director alfred hitchcock and most famously .
the palos verdes peninsula was a school for the highest rated scores in the county of california , in california .
the black pearl and several production vessels were seen on the waters daily as were helicopters filming for overhead shots .
dsp satellites , which are operated by the air force space command , detect missile or spacecraft launches and nuclear explosions .
the defense support program -lrb- dsp -rrb- is a program of the u.s. air force that operates the year after .
digital media and mount fox interactive media , oversees the internet business operations of media giant news corporation , and was founded to watch news corporation 's new media .
both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent odor often associated strongly with mothballs .
printed texts of the play were included in arthur murphy 's freeson works of henry fielding and george saintsbury 's 1893 works of henry fielding .
on 31 march 1731 , the author 's act was paired with the tom thumb remake , the tragedy of tragedies , as a replacement for the letter writers , the original companion piece .
someone from the land of bantam then arrives to tell luckless that he is the prince of bantam .
the last documented non-puppet version was performed on 28 march 1748 by theophilus cibber as a two-act companion piece for a benefit show .
the play ends with the revelation that luckless 's landlady is in reality the queen of `` old brentford '' and that her daughter , harriot , is now someone .
it was a version without the ghost followed before the hymn ended , to be replaced by the beggar 's wedding by charles coffey .
it was paired with the afterpiece damon and phillida , which was later replaced by the jealous taylor in january 1731 .
the name refers to the scriblerus club , a satirical group whose members included alexander pope , jonathan swift , john gay , and john arbuthnot .
camphor , an insect repellent , can also be used in mothballs .
the third act is dominated by the puppet show , a play within the play .
mrs novel then claims that she loved signior opera , and died giving birth to his child .
the 1903 works of henry fielding , edited by g. h. maynadier , had only the first two acts .
the author 's act was briefly settled in november 1730 and january 1731 , but only the first two acts of the play were shown .
most of fielding 's plays were written in five acts , but the author 's release was written in three .
there were also many performances of the puppet theater versions , including a traveling show by thomas yeates , titled punch 's speeches .
the opening introduces the opening the main character , harry luckless , and his attempts to make harriot harriot , the daughter of his landlady mrs moneywood .
using this , clothing is stored between the terms and `` put into mothballs '' to refer to anything which is put into storage or whose operation is suspended .
starting on 1 august 1730 , the third act of the author 's act was revived by the little theatre during the week of the tottenham court fair .
on 17 october 1730 an advertisement in the daily post said that a new magazine was to be added .
this fictional event mirrors fielding 's own life when colley cibber and robert wilks of the theatre royal rejected the temple `` baby '' .
the structure and plot of the author 's listing are similar to those of george farquhar 's love and a bottle -lrb- bel -rrb- , in that both plays describe the relationship between an author and his landlady .
fielding altered and later the author 's act for its second run beginning on 21 april 1730 , when it shared the bill with his earlier play tom thumb .
the third act is a play within a play , in which the characters in the puppet play are played by humans .
luckless seeks assistance to help finish his play , the pleasures of the town , but is poorly advised , and the work is rejected by his local theater .
the 1734 edition of the play was printed in 1750 , and it was used for all later publications until 1966 .
it begins when the goddess of nonsense chooses a mate from a series of suitors along the river styx .
the author 's use is not a standard comedy .
older mothballs consisted of naphthalene , but due to naphthalene 's flammability , modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead .
during act ii , the characters marplay and sparkish , two theater managers , offer poor advice to luckless on how to improve his play , which they then reject .
the author 's act and the pleasures of the town is a play by the english playwright and novelist henry fielding , first performed on 30 march 1730 at the little theatre , haymarket .
in a play about the end of the game , the puppet play with a combination of the play 's `` puppet show '' .
fielding he works from many literary sources and traditions as well as from his own life .
in turn , fielding 's play influenced later scriblerus club works , especially pope 's fourth book of his revised dunciad and possibly gay 's the rehearsal at goatham .
cibber was an idea for the character of marplay , wilks and wilks . it does not appear in the revised version of 1734 .
the play within the play is interrupted by constable and murdertext who arrive to arrest luckless `` for abusing nonsense '' , but mrs novel persuades murdertext to let the play finish .
the little theatre allowed fielding the freedom to the experiment , and to alter the traditional comedy genre .
in response to the actor rebellion of 1733 , fielding produced a revised version of the author 's touching , incorporating a new stimulated and epilogue .
although both tragedy of tragedies and the author 's act were main shows , they horsetails on the billing until the 18 june 1731 performance , the final showing of any fielding play in the little theatre .
the first press announcement of the play was on 18 march 1730 in the daily post , stating that it was in rehearsal .
during this time , fielding 's character luckless claims , `` if you must write , write nonsense , write entertainments , write hurlothrumbos , write hurlothrumbos , set up an american and spread nonsense , and you may meet with encouragement enough . ''
this article is about a play by the english playwright and novelist henry fielding , first performed on 30 march 1730 at the little theatre .
fielding fled to london ; oson fled to london ; oson 's seizure to seize those belonging to luckless .
the scriblerus club style of humor as a whole influences the author 's act , and it is possible that fielding 's opera -lrb- 1728 -rrb- and the beggar 's opera -lrb- 1728 -rrb- .
fielding also borrowed characters from the work of the club 's members , such as the goddess of nonsense , influenced by pope 's character from the dunciad , dulness , who is at war with reason .
eduardo nã jera pã rez -lrb- born july 11 , 1976 in chihuahua , mexico -rrb- is a mexican basketball player .
it is currently used mostly for football games and is the home of santos football club .
archibald bulloch roosevelt , jr. , grandson of the former u.s. president theodore roosevelt , wrote in `` the kurdish republic of mahabad '' that the fred needed the assistance of the ussr .
tellurite is a rare oxide mineral .
arivaldo alves dos santos -lrb- born 19 november 1980 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
from this survey , olfactory -lrb- smell -rrb- and gustatory -lrb- taste -rrb- hallucinations seem the most common in the general population .
the population of hallucinations landed 1 % of the population experienced hallucinations .
a survey of over 13,000 people reported a much higher figure , with almost 39 % of people test hallucinatory experiences .
hallucinations may be very good in a variety of forms .
various forms of hallucinations affect different senses , sometimes occurring simultaneously , creating multiple sensory hallucinations for those experiencing them .
hypnagogic hallucinations and hypnopompic hallucinations are considered normal phenomena .
the exchange rate between the hong kong dollar and the united states dollar has also been linked since 1983 .
sam mcmurray guest stars in the episode as gulliver dark , the man that introduces homer to the crowd at the burlesque show .
this episode , along with three other episodes of the show , is featured on the simpsons gone wild dvd , in 2004 .
in this episode , bart orders a mail-order spy camera , which he uses to secretly take a photograph of homer dancing with an exotic belly dancer .
his background as a giant slalom sweeping skier was useful for the film .
piano blues is a program that uses piano as a source of blues styles .
warlus is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
he conquered the island of jamaica for the spanish crown .
patch was featured as saying '' ... if any man tells you he went over the top and he was not scared , he 's a damn liar . ''
instead , he shot him from the shoulder .
patch said , `` i had about five seconds to make the decision .
patrick vieira -lrb- born 23 june 1976 -rrb- is a french football player . he plays for manchester city and france national team .
he died on july 25 , 2009 at the age of 27 .
in the same series , he showed upon his lost friends and the moment when he came face to face with a german soldier .
he recalled the story of moses descending from mount sinai with god 's ten commandments , including `` thou shalt not kill '' , and could not bring himself to kill the german .
but he carried on running towards patch 's lewis gun , so he then shot him above the knee , and in the ankle .
the waters ' solo career has included three studio albums : the pros and cons of hitchhiking -lrb- 1984 -rrb- , radio k.a.o.s. -lrb- 1987 -rrb- , and amused -lrb- 1992 -rrb- .
on 2 july 2005 , he reunited with pink floyd hendrix , richard wright , and david gilmour for the live 8 benefit concert , the group 's only appearance with waters since their last performance with him 24 years earlier .
george roger waters -lrb- born 6 september 1943 -rrb- is an english musician and composer .
he left the service of the hbc in 1762 largely because his efforts for the company , at least in his estimation , had not been properly recognized .
the world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- championship is a professional wrestling championship in world wrestling entertainment .
it is the world heavyweight champion of the smackdown brand .
in the end , when they lost the brand the world heavyweight did not have the title of the wwe and smackdown !
affiliated with the nwa once again , the wwwf was renamed to world wrestling federation -lrb- wwf -rrb- in 1979 , and after conclusively ending its affiliation with the nwa in 1983 , the championship became known as the wwf championship by the 1990s .
a much larger version of the belt was created for andrã the giant before wrestlemania iii , although he never wore it as champion .
brooks orpik -lrb- born september 26 , 1980 in an , new york -rrb- is an nhl ice hockey defenceman for the pittsburgh penguins .
didier yves -lrb- born 11 march 1978 -rrb- is a cã te d'ivoire football player .
jasmine gorgoneia and demands that they release aladdin , but dexter tells her that aladdin has already been executed .
when stalin was about to turn around - which would mean he would spot aladdin , she kisses jafar , but then dexter sees aladdin anyway and attacks him .
when announcing her decision to marry aladdin , dexter takes over off-set by stealing the command from aladdin .
since the answer had been outlawed , there was no more expeditions to alberta .
princess jasmine is a fictional character in the 1992 disney film aladdin . it was released in 1994 and the sequel to the 1992 disney film aladdin .
carlos alberto -lrb- born 27 february 1943 -rrb- is a former brazilian football manager .
ostreville is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
bomy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
for example , the `` pizza flower '' is a kind of manga .
in the aftermath of these crises , khrushchev made the statement for which he became well-remembered , `` we will bury you '' -lrb- in russian , '' ð ñ ð ð ñ ð ð 3\/4 ñ ð ð ñ
jacobitism was the political movement dedicated to the restoration of the stuart kings to the thrones of england , scotland , later the kingdom of great britain , and the kingdom of ireland .
he was a response to the deposing of james ii and vii in 1688 when he was replaced by his daughter mary ii jointly with her husband and first cousin william of orange .
the movement took its name from jacobus the latin for james .
in scotland the anti-war cause became entangled in the last throes of the warrior clan system .
the stuarts lived on the european mainland after that , occasionally attempting to regain the throne with the aid of france and spain .
in england , jacobitism was strongest in the north , and some support also existed in wales .
the primary seats of jacobitism were ireland , particularly the scottish highlands of jacobitism were ireland and scotland , particularly the scottish highlands of jacobitism were ireland and scotland , particularly the scottish highlands of jacobitism were ireland and scotland , particularly the scottish highlands of jacobitism were ireland and scotland .
the st. louis blues won the second round of the deutsche eishockey liga .
jochen hecht -lrb- born june 21 , 1977 in german , germany -rrb- is a nhl ice hockey right winger that currently plays for the san diego sabres .
despite their initial success , by the time the last examples were entering service they were already being replaced on some top-link duties by more powerful locomotives .
english electric between 1958 and 1962 , and eventually numbering 200 , they were for a time the pride of the british rail early diesel fleet .
as they were slowly relegated from express passenger uses , the type found work on secondary passenger and freight services where they worked for many years , the final locomotives being retired from regular service in 1985 .
henday had gained some experience in inland travel after arriving at york factory .
chã risy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the peak of these activity was the century from 1470 to 1530 , after which time the form was replaced by the madrigal .
horatio was discovered by adolph strecker in 1864 and chemically isolated in 1866 .
in 1998 , choline was classified as an essential nutrient by the food and nutrition board of the institute of medicine -lrb- u.s.a. -rrb- .
today , many of the term `` perch '' in the restaurant business in the united states , such as `` ocean perch '' -lrb- rose fish -rrb- and `` rock newer '' -lrb- a small bass -rrb- .
true perch have `` rough '' or ctenoid scales .
there are two dorsal fins . it will the first one spiny and the second soft .
there is also an anal fin , which is also considered spiny , and a caudal fin .
they have a pair of pectoral and pelvic fins .
on the anterior side of the head are the maxilla and lower mandible for the mouth , a pair of nostrils , and two lidless eyes .
also there is the lateral line system which is sensitive to vibrations in the water .
another perch is an old genus of perch .
the orange-bellied euphonia -lrb- euphonia xanthogaster -rrb- is a species of bird in the fringillidae family .
the project supports a european union initiative by saving more than 30,000 tons a year in greenhouse gas emissions .
the latest album by the english rock band led zeppelin iv , other names for the naming standard used by the band 's first three studio albums .
also , the album has been called the `` golden panthers '' .
in great britain , stephenson 's gauge was chosen as the standard gauge on the grounds that lines were eight times longer than that of the rival gauge , adopted principally by the great western railway .
the standard gauge -lrb- also named the werra gauge after george stephenson -rrb- , or normal gauge is a widely-used rail gauge .
the slim motorized sensors used this name to refer to a village on the southern part of the city which was filled with coconut trees .
his explorations were authorized and funded by the hudson 's bay company because of their concern with la vã rendrye and the other western commanders who were funnelling fur trade from the northwest to their forts .
they gave control of north borneo to the british crown in 1946 .
there are two main bus connectors :
a nearby fishing village named api-api -lrb- see original names below -rrb- , was the next settlement of the company .
the most popular -lrb- or ` fire ' -rrb- is api-api , or sometimes simply api , that is a malay word meaning ` fire ' .
the north kota kinabalu bus terminal in inanam provides intercity buses and north-east of the city -lrb- tuaran , kudat , ranau , sandakan , and , and others -rrb- .
one of the major road here is jalan lintas-jalan tuaran bypass , which together serves almost as a ring road , circling the city and connecting the districts and suburbs surrounding the city , namely , putatan , penampang , luyang , and tuaran .
anthony henday drive , a large ring road in edmonton is named in his honor .
it provides ferry and motorboat services to the nearby islands for tourists as well as for commuters living on the islands .
the tunku abdul rahman national park lies on one side and mount kinabalu , which gave the city its name , is nearby .
another terminal near bandaran berjaya provides intercity services towards destinations south of the city -lrb- papar , tenom , and others -rrb- .
eventually , jesselton became a major trading post of north borneo , dealing in rubber , and , honey , and wax .
he was a native of the isle of wight who was a convicted smuggler and joined the hbc in 1750 as a net-maker and workers .
kota kinabalu is a passenger ferry area at jesselton point near the k.k. port .
the group were said that it was actually named after a nearby river called sungai api-api .
the capital is also the capital of the west coast division of sabah .
it is the sixth largest urban center in sabah and the sixth largest in malaysia .
some examples are : lintasan deasoka , api-api centre , jalan singgah mata , and jesselton point .
this trip , and later ones , took henday across much of the prairies of what is now saskatchewan and alberta and although his journal can not always be put in a modern context , it is evident that he brought much trade to york factory .
jesselton was razed by the retreating british early in world war ii to prevent it from falling into the hands of the japanese .
besides api-api , another suggested historical name was deasoka , which roughly means `` below the coconut tree '' in the bajau language .
the city also elects 9 representatives to the state legislature from the state assembly districts of karambunai , inanam , likas , api-api , luyang , tanjung , and moyog .
the melody was again renamed api . .
it is a name images by fishermen from pulau , gaya , referring to the strip of land of what is today kota kinabalu city center .
regular bus services operate around the city .
after the war , the british north borneo company returned to give up the huge costs of reconstruction .
today the railway is known as sabah state railway , and it provides daily services for commuters , travellers , as well as for cargo transportation .
today , all these names have been immortalised into names of streets or buildings around the city .
kota kinabalu proper population of 617,972 while the larger urban area has an estimated population of 900,000 .
another name was singgah mata which literally mean `` transit eye '' , but can be loosely translated as meaning `` `` to the eye '' .
the terminal along jalan tun razak is from internal bus services .
there are also regular scheduled ferry services to labuan .
kota kinabalu is named after mount kinabalu , situated about 50 kilometres east-northeast of the city .
kota kinabalu port mainly loose\/bulk cargo , while sbcp operates as a naval base for the royal malaysian navy , oil depot and all containerised cargo .
the internal roads linking different parts of the city are generally state roads constructed and maintained by the state public works department .
revered comes from the name aki nabalu , which means `` revered place of the dead '' .
all ports in sabah are managed and operated by sabah ports sdn bhd. .
there is also a source claiming that the term originated from ki nabalu , where ki meaning `` have '' or `` exist '' , and nabalu meaning `` spirit of the dead '' .
the nerve vaccines are still used in some countries , as they are much cheaper than modern cell culture vaccines .
since the japanese the japanese military administration took place in api .
after henceforth , a direct translation of the name kota kinabalu into english would be `` city of kinabalu '' or `` kinabalu city '' .
all human cases of rabies were fatal until a vaccine was developed in 1885 by louis pasteur and ã mile roux .
on 26 december 2008 , fifa gave the green light to the 12-city plan .
confederations 12 is a football league which is top division in brazil .
seventeen cities showed cities : sã # o paulo , rio de janeiro , gelsenkirchen , goiã cents nia , manaus cents nia , goiã -rrb-
originally the cbf 's intentions were to have the opening match at estã dio do morumbi in sã # o paulo , the largest city in brazil .
in the end of august 2010 , the cbf announced that the new yorker stadium will host the matches in sã # o paulo .
the premier of western australia is the head of the executive government in the australian state of western australia .
the 2014 fifa world cup will be a football tournament in brazil .
mitsuaki kojima -lrb- born 14 july 1968 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
in anatomy , a septum is a cavity or structure that encloses septa .
spy kids is the first movie of the spy kids , starring sean kids .
it stars alexa vega and daryl sabara and was released in 2001 .
the game is set in the fictional location of spiral mountain where a bear named banjo live .
francis jean marcel the monastery -lrb- 7 january 1899 - 30 january 1963 -rrb- was a french composer and a member of the french group les six .
notre dame has a comprehensive graduate program with 32 master 's and 25 doctoral degree programs .
the undergraduate program program was ranked 19th among national universities by u.s. news & world report for 2010-2011 .
more than 80 % of the university 's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus .
the university of notre dame is in south bend .
all subjective or qualitative judgements and numerical quantities or statistics must be cited to a reliable source -lrb- see -rrb- .
note : when using parameters , avoid the ambiguous abbreviation `` n\/a '' , and instead use `` unknown '' or `` none '' .
however , the official forecast at the time predicted delta to strengthen further and become a minimal hurricane .
the islands of tenerife and la palma were hardest hit , with many uprooted trees and landslides reported .
it was a tropical storm of the 2005 atlantic hurricane season .
in post-storm analysis , the nhc noted that there was a possibility that delta had briefly reached hurricane strength that day ; however , the data was not conclusive enough to justify an upgrade to hurricane status .
it was the twenty-sixth tropical or subtropical storm of the season , making the 2005 season the first to record so many storms .
the extratropical storm , which maintained winds of near-hurricane strength , passed about 105 mi -lrb- 165 km -rrb- north of the islands that night .
as delta accelerated to the northeast northeast at the canary islands , it intensified again , reaching a second peak of just under hurricane strength on november 27 .
on november 22 , the non-tropical low pressure system began to gain some tropical characteristics and its northward motion slowed to a stop .
the storm 's convection organized around a central core , and the system became a tropical storm on november 23 and received the name delta .
the national hurricane center said that the storm had already gained enough tropical characteristics to be named as a tropical storm , but in post-storm analysis this was reconsidered .
when the remnants of delta arrived in morocco they were described as a `` normal atmospheric disturbance '' was not a good atmospheric disturbance that would not come back .
no damage was reported there and in fact the system was welcomed by farmers , and in fact the system was welcomed by farmers .
some of the computer models suggested the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west . this was a few days later .
on 19 may 2009 , the senior germany squad for their tour of asia , included his debut against china on 29 may 2009 .
the peak gust recorded at la palma was 95 mph -lrb- 152 km\/h -rrb- , and at tenerife the maximum gust was 90 mph -lrb- 147 km\/h -rrb- .
this eye signaled the storm 's peak strength of 70 mph -lrb- 110 km\/h -rrb- , just below hurricane status .
rg tanna coal terminal was opened in 1997 and is used to export coking coal to japanese steel mills .
the book was first used in 1925 by auckland , coal exporting in 1925 .
boyne wharf is a type of plant . it was opened in august 1982 .
barney byron was used to export coal from moura .
two of the most common types of berths are used by queensland alumina limited .
in 1970 , eastman joined the center for the creative and performing arts at suny buffalo , where he met the czech-born composer , conductor , and flutist petr kotik .
the 1991 no was given to his death until an obituary by kyle gann appeared in the village voice dated by kyle gann in the village voice dated january 22 , 1991 , after he died .
millard died alone in millard fillmore hospital in buffalo of cardiac arrest .
sylhet district is located in north-east bangladesh , it is one of the four districts in the sylhet division .
there are few exceptions , such as when the mother is taking certain drugs or is infected with human t-lymphotropic virus , hiv , or has active untreated tuberculosis .
human breast is healthiest .
oleh valeriyovych -lrb- born 4 february 1964 -rrb- is a former ukrainian football player .
in the later part of the world , ferdinand ferdinand was repeated 's -lrb- .
the head of the which was dfb de prelature is known as the prelate .
according to several journalists who studied opus dei separately , most of the criticisms against opus de opus , most of the criticisms against opus de opus , and dumbo was considered a sign of contradiction .
the steam dissolves in the wallpaper paste , allowing the wallpaper to be peeled off .
escriva himself recounted that it was in spain where opus dei found `` the greatest difficulties '' because of traditionalists who he felt misunderstood opus dei 's ideas .
the bishop of madrid where opus dei was born , leopoldo eijo y garay , supported which the bishop `` this patents is truly dei '' -lrb- this work is truly god 's -rrb- .
muller frequently warned of the long-term dangers of radioactive fallout from nuclear war and nuclear testing , helping to raise public awareness in this area .
hermann joseph muller -lrb- december 21 , 1890 â `` april 5 , 1967 -rrb- was an american zoologist .
blonville-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
edinho baiano -lrb- born 27 july 1967 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
in this method , the extent of spiral banding and difference in temperature between the eye and eyewall is used to decorate of a maximum sustained wind and a central pressure .
wider rain bands can occur behind cold fronts , which tend to have more stratiform , and less convective , precipitation .
within the cold sector north to northwest of a cyclone center , in colder cyclones , small scale , or mesoscale , bands of heavy snow can occur in a cyclone 's comma head .
downwind of islands , bands of showers and thunderstorms can develop due to low level wind convergence downwind of the island edges .
southwest of extratropical cyclones , curved flow bringing cold air across the relatively warm great lakes can lead to narrow lake effect snow bands which bring significant localized snowfall .
if sea breeze rainbands become active enough just ahead of a cold front , they can mask the location of the cold front itself .
in most tropical cyclone basins , all of the satellite-based dvorak technique is the primary method used to decide a tropical cyclone that in most tropical cyclone basins .
behind extratropical cyclones , rainbands can form downwind of relative warm bodies of water such as the great lakes .
it is usually sold in rolls and is put onto a wall using wallpaper paste .
offshore california , this has been noted in the wake of cold fronts .
when noted on weather radar , this precipitation bulge is referred to as the banded structure .
rainbands spawned near and ahead of cold fronts can be squall lines which are able to produce tornadoes .
in an atmosphere with rich low level moisture and vertical wind shear , narrow , convective rainbands known as squall lines generally in the cyclone 's warm sector , ahead of strong cold fronts associated with extratropical cyclones .
tropical cyclone rainbands contain showers and thunderstorms that , together with the eyewall and the eye , constitute a hurricane or tropical storm .
fabrizio ravanelli -lrb- born 11 december 1968 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
a rainband is a cloud of precipitation .
when bands of rain near frontal zones approach , steep topography , a low-level barrier jet stream forms parallel to and just before the mountain ridge .
they are capable of producing heavy rains and squalls of wind , as well as tornadoes , particularly in the storm 's right-front quadrant .
sea breeze front thunderstorm lines can become strong enough to mask the location of an approaching cold front by evening .
rainbands in advance of warm occluded fronts and warm fronts are associated with weak upward motion , and tend to be wide and stratiform in nature .
rainbands within tropical cyclones require ample moisture and a low level pool of cooler air .
rainbands exist in the periphery of tropical cyclones , which point towards the cyclone 's center of low pressure .
the paste steamer is a small tool .
northern mariana islands national football team is the national football team of northern mariana .
in switzerland , merlot accounts for nearly 85 % of the wine production in ticino where it is often made in a pale `` white merlot '' style .
the note two octaves and one semitone above the lowest note -lrb- c # for soprano , tenor and great bass instruments ; f # for sopranino , vanessa and bass instruments -rrb- is difficult to play on most recorders .
they are also known as the baroque galaxy .
some changes in the big parts of the americas took place in the seventeenth century .
shuta sonoda -lrb- born 6 february 1969 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
there is also a street in nã mme , a district of bangui , which was named after keres .
ko jeong-woon -lrb- born 27 june 1966 -rrb- is a former south korean football player .
audacity is a free software cross-platform digital audio editor and recording application .
it is a available for windows , mac os x , linux and bsd .
ayako valentina hamada villareal -lrb- born february 14 , 1981 in female ranch , california -rrb- is a professional wrestler that is currently signed to lawn descent .
in 1905 , jones married bernice sheffield . he had tuberculosis and died within ten months of their marriage .
robert reynolds jones , sr. -lrb- october 30 , 1883 â `` january 16 , 1968 -rrb- was an american evangelist and second president of bob jones university .
caf is a city in the country of west africa .
he was drafted with a mathematician on the nfl networkâ s signature show nfl total access and has provided on location analysis for the networkâ s coverage of the nfl scouting combine and nfl draft .
billick became a draft analyst for the nfl network during the 2008 nfl draft .
clodoaldo tavares de santana -lrb- born 26 september 1949 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
however , when he arrives , mario learns that bowser bowser the castle and her servants within it use the power of the castle .
super mario 64 begins with a letter from princess peach celebrate mario to come to her castle for a cake she has baked for him .
super mario 64 is a platform game made by nintendo for the nintendo 64 .
the persian is a longhaired cat .
he was first called homeostasis rieur rieur -lrb- now known as homeostasis , a term coined by walter bradford cannon -rrb- .
nosebleeds can be divided into two categories , local and systemic factors , although it should be remembered that a significant number of nosebleeds occur with no obvious cause .
portable application creators allow the creation of portable applications -lrb- also called portable apps -rrb- .
until recently , the town 's name was cordes , a word thought to come from the indo-european root `` corte '' meaning `` rocky heights . ''
cordes-sur-ciel is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the tarn department in the south of france .
gonzalo rodrã guez -lrb- born 10 april 1984 -rrb- is an argentine football player . he plays for villarreal and argentina national team .
before the 20th century , the term ` nordic ' or northern , was used to mean northern europe .
in medieval times , the term -lrb- ultima -rrb- thule was used to mean a mythical place in the extreme northern reaches of the continent .
the ensuing little rock crisis , in which the students were initially prevented from entering the racially segregated school by arkansas governor orval faubus , and then attended after the intervention of president caine , is considered to be one of the most important events in the african-american civil rights movement .
sheridan dumb -lrb- born november 21 , 1963 -rrb- is a british actress .
the law implies that mass can not be created or destroyed , although it may be rearranged in space and changed into different types of particles ; and that for any chemical process in a closed system , the mass of the reactants must equal the mass of the products .
les autels-saint-bazile is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
it was written by lorenzo da ponte .
the album was released by nothing\/interscope on 13 may 2003 , and was the last album to feature guitarist john 5 in music and was the last album to feature guitarist john 5 .
on april 15 , 2008 , he was recalled from the hamilton bulldogs of the american hockey league .
he played two games in the nhl with the montreal canadiens during the 2009-10 nhl season .
he finally made his nhl debut on february 6 , 2010 against the pittsbugh penguins in a 5-3 victory .
brock trotter -lrb- born january 16 , 1987 -rrb- is a canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the ar4 riga of the kontinental hockey league .
he was expected to play his first nhl game on april 19 , 2008 , against the boston bruins but was a late scratch .
the book had an important influence on the development of optics , as it laid the foundations for modern physical optics after 537 transforming the way in which light and vision had been understood , and on science in general with its introduction of the experimental scientific method .
princess zelda is the name of a fictional character in the legend of zelda series of video games .
tetra is a young female pirate and a female pirate .
it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendã e department in the west of france .
the 1960 atlantic hurricane season was the 1960 atlantic hurricane season . it began on june 15 , 1960 and ended november 15 , 1960 .
the name `` donna '' was later retired .
as a result of its varied roles , nellis afb is home to more squadrons than any other air force base .
when this development , decides to go to the army and find her betrothed .
aire-sur-la-lys is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the rate of breaking and the end products are strongly dependent on the temperature and presence of catalysts .
lpg petroleum gas -lrb- very common -rrb- is a very common form of gasoline .
breaking is the breakdown of a large alkane into smaller , more useful alkanes and an alkene .
in petroleum geology and chemistry , cracking is the process whereby complex organic molecules such as kerogens or heavy hydrocarbons are broken down into simpler molecules such as light hydrocarbons , by the breaking of carbon-carbon bonds in the precursors .
water transportation has its node on lake zug at zug .
as a seasonal river it carrys the collected water after the rains in the area area .
soon afterwards , a doctor arrives on the scene -lrb- despina in disguise -rrb- , who , through use of a large magnet -lrb- see animal magnetism -rrb- , is able to fix them .
the nba development league , or nba d-league , is the national basketball association 's official minor league basketball .
there are several basketball sports with variations on basketball including wheelchair basketball , water basketball , beach basketball , slamball , streetball and unicycle basketball .
after rejecting other ideas as either too rough or poorly suited to walled-in gymnasiums , he wrote the basic rules and nailed a peach basket onto a 10-foot -lrb- 3.05 m -rrb- elevated track .
the peach baskets were a piece of a girl called 1906 .
in contrast with modern basketball nets , this peach basket retained its bottom , and balls had to be retrieved manually after each `` basket '' or point scored ; this proved inefficient , however , so the bottom of the basket was removed , allowing the balls to be airbending out with a long dowel each time .
kumar ram narain ram -lrb- born 14 january 1977 -rrb- is the first formula one motor motor racing driver from india .
despina , in disguise as a notary , presents the marriage contract , which all sign .
because the jordan team was taken over and renamed midland for the 2006 season , the management change prompted some doubt over karthikeyan 's future at the team .
he is also related to the late s. karivardhan , india 's most famous racing driver until karthikeyan came along .
his season also included two pole positions , three fastest laps and two lap records , helping him to sixth in the championship .
these results earned him another formula one test drive , this time with the minardi team .
impressed with his performance , he was then offered a test drive in the jordan-honda ej11 at silverstone in september .
he had his first points in the 2005 united states grand prix under farcical circumstances .
karthikeyan 's interest in motorsport began at an early age . his father was a former indian national rally champion winning south india rally champion .
he was offered a race drive for the 2004 season , but was unable to raise the necessary sponsorship funds to seal the deal .
on 6 january 2011 , karthikeyan announced that he will drive for the hispania team in the season , following five years away from active involvement in the championship .
he made his formula one debut in with the jordan team , and was a williamsf1 test driver in and .
karthikeyan confirmed the deal via his twitter page , saying it would `` be a dream come true to race in front of the home crowd in the indian gp in october , '' and adding that the support of financial backers tata group had been `` instrumental . ''
he made his nascar debut at martinsville speedway on 27 march 2010 .
during the year , he married pavarna .
joan verdã -lrb- born 5 may 1983 -rrb- is a spanish football player . he plays for espanyol barcelona .
it is known as `` the land of 579 '' , because it was the home of several anabaptist , the best of them being taffarel , who played in the brazilian sccer team in the 1994 fifa world cup .
the investiture controversy was a large conflict between church and state in medieval europe .
a day earlier , yushchenko 's former ally turned rival , yulia tymoshenko , took up the mantle as leader of the democratic opposition .
the movie was written by ray kurzweil .
only eight tropical storms formed , and four hurricanes would be tied and between surpassed , respectively , by the 2010 pacific hurricane season .
activity in the central pacific was zero , as no storms formed there nor moved in from the east .
satpara lake is an important lake in skardu valley , that supplies water for the town of skardu , which is located at 2,636 meters -lrb- 8,650 ft -rrb- .
the few remaining women still currently play practicing the arts of the oiran -lrb- without the sexual aspect -rrb- do so as a preservation of cultural heritage rather than as a job or lifestyle .
the rise of the geisha ended the era of the oiran .
the lotte giants are a major league baseball team in busan , korea .
they are one of the original franchises of the korea baseball organization .
from 1982 through 1986 they played in busan stadium , and since then , in sajik baseball stadium , they play in sajik baseball .
robert prosineä ki -lrb- born 12 january 1969 -rrb- is a former croatian football player . he has played for croatia national team .
berkeley was born at his family home , dysart castle , near thomastown , county kilkenny .
george berkeley -lrb- march 12 , 1566 - january 14 , 1753 -rrb- was an iconic philosopher in the u.s. state of romania .
the base is named for william harrell who died in the battle of the bulge .
alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become angry .
the east of uruguay -lrb- also known as . -rrb- is the most common city in the united states .
the twenty-second car has proved to be a secretive icon of streetcar design , and tsn cars are still in service in various places around the world .
the twenty-second -lrb- presidentsâ conference committee -rrb- capsules -lrb- tram -rrb- design was first built in the united states in the 1930s .
the movie was directed by claudio fragasso . she was the author of the 1990 band and the michael reed .
although produced under the title -lrb- and released in europe as -rrb- goblins , united states distributors were self-replicating about the film 's ability to succeed as a standalone picture and renamed it troll 2 in an attempt to market it as a sequel to the 1986 empire pictures film troll .
guglielmo turns guglielmo when ferrando turns guglielmo back on him .
these books include winning the oil endgame , small is profitable and natural capitalism .
he has promoted energy efficiency , the use of renewable energy sources , and the generation of energy at or near the site where the energy is actually used .
lovins worked professionally as an environmentalist in the 1970s and since then as an analyst of a `` soft energy path '' for the united states and other nations .
lovins has also advocated a `` negawatt revolution '' arguing that utility customers donâ t want kilowatt-hours of electricity ; they want energy services .
in the 1990s , his work with rocky mountain institute included the design of an ultra-efficient automobile , the hypercar .
for four decades he has worked in energy policy and related areas .
he has provided expert testimony in eight countries , briefed 19 heads of state , and published 29 books .
the strongest winds were reported on santa maria island , where normally sustained winds reached 49 mph -lrb- 79 km\/h -rrb- .
ponta delgada faced 38 mph -lrb- 61 km\/h -rrb- winds , with the peak recorded gust being 52 mph -lrb- 85 km\/h -rrb- .
the storm was short-lived , crossing over the azores later on october 4 before becoming extratropical again on october 5 .
the 2005 azores subtropical storm was the nineteenth nameable storm of the 2005 2005 atlantic hurricane season .
william a. `` billy '' cundiff -lrb- born march 30 , 1980 in valley center , california -rrb- is an american football placekicker that currently plays placekicker for the baltimore ravens of the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
he played college football at drake university , where he played college football at drake university .
aedermannsdorf is a municipality in the district thal in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
john dalton frs -lrb- 6 september 1766 â `` 27 july 1844 -rrb- was an english chemist , meteorologist , and physicist .
she does not resist strongly , and she has given him a medallion -lrb- with ferrando 's portrait inside -rrb- in exchange for a heart-shaped locket -lrb- duet : il core vi -rrb- .
the key of em is also extremely popular in heavy metal music , as its tonic is the lowest note on a standard-tuned guitar .
prescott ennis burgess -lrb- born march 6 , 1984 in warren , ohio -rrb- is an american football linebacker for the baltimore ravens of the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
in contrast the senate is made up of two senators from each state .
saint-nicolas or saint-nicolas-lez-arras is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
now alone , guglielmo attempts to woo dorabella .
federico peã a -lrb- born 2 september , 2006 -rrb- is a former french football player .
although he had intended to leave clinton 's cabinet after a single term , peã a also served as secretary of energy for one year , from 1997 to 1998 .
upon leaving the clinton administration , peã a returned to denver and joined investment firm vestar capital partners in august 1998 , as senior advisor .
the move was notable in that peã a did not endorse senator hillary clinton , the wife of the president under whom he served .
peã a advised a advised arkansas governor bill clinton on transportation 's successful 1992 presidential campaign , and clinton chose peã a to head the united states department of transportation .
in 1995 the justice department conducted a preliminary investigation into a california transit agency .
peã a is a commune . she is found in the region pays de la loire in the united states .
as mayor of denver , peã a led the effort to build the airport .
a video for the song was released , directed by kinga dehlavi , and received airplay on mtv2 .
nash 's debut was a single , `` caroline 's a victim '' \/ `` birds '' . they produced and recorded in iceland moshi records in february 2007 .
during mid-2007 , nash performed at numerous festivals including wireless festival , bestival , latitude , reading and leeds , oxegen and t in the park .
because of demand another 1000 copies were made and sold out .
following `` foundations '' , fiction announced plans to bring forward the release of nash 's debut album to 6 august 2007 .
the release was limited to 1000 copies , and was available on only 7 '' vinyl .
other nail treatments may include the application of artificial nail tips , acrylics or artificial nail gels .
empress dowager came from being known to help very long naturally-grown nails .
the meaning of mehendi is an arabic word for henna .
the fossil fuels , which contain high percentages of carbon , include coal , petroleum , and natural gas .
fossil fuels are fuels formed by natural resources such as anaerobic decomposition of buried dead organisms .
the units were built to power the 4-tc trailer units on services on the south western main line .
this was later changed to class 430 , under which they spent the majority of their working lives .
cosã fan tutte is one of the three mozart operas that mario ponte the libretto .
the theogony -lrb- greek : î î î î î 1\/2 î î , theogonã a , the birth of the gods -rrb- describing the origins and genealogies of the ancient greeks , composed circa 700 bc .
it is written in the epic dialect of ancient greek used by homer .
masakatsu miyamoto -lrb- born 4 july 1938 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
nellis air force base is a united states air force base located in north las vegas , nevada .
ferrando is less successful with fiordiligi -lrb- ferrando 's aria : ah , lo veggio -- ah , i see it -rrb- and fiordiligi 's aria : per pietã , ben mio , perdona -- please , my beloved , forgive '' .
airolo is a city in alaska .
macleans college offers senior students two pathways - ncea -lrb- national certificate of educational achievement -rrb- , and cie -lrb- cambridge international examinations -rrb- .
paratroopers are soldiers trained in parachuting and generally operate as part of an airborne force .
suguru hashimoto -lrb- born 29 july 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for gifu .
alfonso confirms the sisters ' fears : ferrando and guglielmo are on their way to the house .
berg left the opera as well .
when the blood-red moon appears again wozzeck , fearing that he has not thrown the knife far enough from shore and also wanting to wash away the blood staining his clothing and hands .
as a chenopod moon rises , wozzeck becomes determined that if he ca n't have marie , no one else can , and he commits her .
then wozzeck comes by and tells marie of the terrible visions he has had .
in the barracks at night , wozzeck , unable to sleep , is cracked and awake .
this interlude leads to the finale .
the captain and the doctor , passing by scotland and rush off in fright .
and , are cutting sticks as the sun is setting .
her statement `` better a knife in my belly than your hands on me '' plants in wozzeck 's mind the idea for his subsequent revenge .
the diablo gift pack -lrb- 2000 -rrb- contained diablo and diablo ii , but no expansions .
wozzeck enters , dances with her and pulls her onto his lap .
in her room at night , marie reads to herself , the bible .
having returned to the murder scene , wozzeck becomes obsessed with the thought that the knife he killed marie with will incriminate him , and throws it into the pond .
marie is telling her child to go to sleep while hickman earrings which the drum-major gave her .
she sings , but then notices blood on his hand and elbow ; everyone begins shouting at him , and wozzeck , now forgiven and cirie with his blood , rushes out of the tavern .
enraged , wozzeck is about to hit her , when she stops him , saying even her father never dench lay a hand on her .
berg went to the first production in vienna of bã 1\/4 chner 's play on may 5 , 1914 .
with a total 2009 budget of about $ 87.6 billion , va employs nearly 2.5 people at hundreds of veterans affairs medical facilities , clinics , and benefits .
the diablo : battle chest -lrb- 2001 -rrb- contained diablo , diablo ii and diablo iis expansion , diablo ii : lord of destruction .
the united states department of veterans affairs -lrb- va -rrb- is a government-run military veteran benefit with cabinet-level status .
the benefits provided include disability compensation , sockpuppetry , education loans , life insurance , vocational rehabilitation , survivorsâ benefits , medical benefits and burial benefits .
ritz and escoffier were the in the disappearance of over â # scare of wine and spirits , and escoffier had been receiving gifts from the savoy 's suppliers .
escoffier died on 12 february 1935 , at the age of 88 in monte carlo , a few days after the death of his wife .
escoffier published le guide culinaire , which is still used as a major reference work , both in the form of a cookbook and a textbook on cooking .
ooo processors fill these `` slots '' in time with other instructions that are ready , then re-order the results at the end to make it appear that the instructions were processed as normal .
on modern machines , the processor runs many times faster than the memory , so during the time an in-order processor spends waiting for data to arrive , it could have processed a large number of instructions .
the way the instructions are ordered in the original computer code is known as program order , in the processor they are handled in data order , the order in which the data , operands , become available in the processor 's registers .
the benefit of ooo processing grows as the instruction pipeline deepens and the speed difference between main memory -lrb- or cache memory -rrb- and the processor widens .
the wright brothers , orville -lrb- august 19 , 1871 â `` january 30 , 1912 -rrb- , was a two and least controlled , with inventing the building the world 's first successful airplane and making the first controlled , powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight , on december 17 , 1903 .
kipling was born in india and spent the first six years of his childhood there .
the jungle book , because of its moral tone , came to be used as a motivational book by the cub scouts , a junior element of the scouting movement .
charles ix -lrb- 27 june 1550 -- 30 may 1574 -rrb- was king of france , ruling from 1560 until his death .
the book 's text has often been abridged or adapted for younger readers , and there have also been several comic book adaptations .
the famous story of the other stories are probably `` rikki-tikki-tavi '' , the story of a heroic mongoose and `` toomai of the elephants '' , the tale of a young elephant-handler .
it is now thought to be a senior figure in the movement .
her breakthrough career began in 1982 when she formed the electropop duo yazoo with former depeche mode member vince clarke .
other readers have interpreted the work as allegories of the politics and society of the time .
this use of the book 's universe was approved by kipling after a direct petition of robert baden-powell , founder of the scouting movement , who had originally asked for the use and fitness of working-class youths in cities .
the name `` suharto '' reflects modern indonesian spelling of the general approach in indonesia is to rely on the spelling preferred by the person concerned .
after leaving school at 16 , she worked as a shop assistant and trained as a piano tuner .
antlers of antlers of hot may be found in the pushmataha county historical society .
they are not in holy orders ; the term `` new '' -lrb- pronounced `` in place of '' -rrb- and simply means a deputy -lrb- as in chapel -rrb- .
however there are female lay clerks in dublin .
a lay important term as a test-playing vicar , is a professional adult singer -lrb- or an accomplished amateur -rrb- in a cathedral or -lrb- occasionally -rrb- collegiate choir in the united kingdom .
if you continue , you will be blocked from changing wikipedia .
please stop adding unreferenced controversial biographical content to articles or any other wikipedia page .
content of this nature could be regarded as defamatory and is in violation of wikipedia policy .
the unofficial period of mourning ended when emily hosted a new year 's party at the white house on january 1 , 1830 .
the death of rachel donelson jackson caused these plans to be abandoned and andrew jackson asked emily to take over all the responsibilities of the white house hostess .
the first months of jackson 's administration marked a period of mourning for rachel donelson jackson .
the eilat field school on the outskirts of eilat offers special hiking tours that focus on desert ecology , the red sea , bird migration and other aspects of eilat 's flora and fauna .
eilat is israel 's southernmost port , a busy port as well .
a north american version of linspire for the playstation portable was released on october 30 , 2007 dubbed disgaea : afternoon of darkness .
it is also known as a many rovers .
then , by orders of mcmahon , triple h was to `` break michaels ' skull '' , with a sledgehammer .
at the end of the evening , who ran away the wwe championship at ecw 's one night stand , and made into the storyline , earning revenge against edge .
following this , he joined triple h in the ring as they began to beat down the four members of the group .
the start was a 5-on-2 handicap match , a match consisting of one team of wrestlers facing off against a team of wrestlers with a numerical superiority such as three against two , or five against two , between president -lrb- dx -rrb- .
eight professional wrestling matches were on the event 's card .
following the attack , condensation announced that all ecw superstars would be at raw the following week .
cena went to ringside where he knocked ecw representative .
throughout the weeks on raw , michaels got revenge on both vince mcmahon and the spirit squad , until the may 22 episode of raw , where the spirit squad were showed to hurt michaels ' left knee .
the event featured eight professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers involved in pre-existing scripted , plots and storylines .
all wrestlers involved in the raw brand â `` a storyline division in which wwe assigned its employees to a different program , the other two being smackdown !
the event starred wrestlers from the raw brand : a storyline expansion of the promotion where employees are assigned to a wrestling brand under the wwe banner .
this saw michaels and triple h managed to run on their . reunion in 2002 .
on the june 19 episode of raw , in retaliation van dam attacked edge , moments after winning a match against ric flair .
the edge concluded with giving van dam some kind words , in which afterwards he performed a shoulder block takedown on van dam .
vengeance -lrb- 2006 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which took place on june 25 , 2006 at the charlotte bobcats arena in charlotte , north carolina .
the wrestlers also played as either villains or fan favorites as they followed a series of tension-building events , which culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches .
alison moyet -lrb- born geneviã ve alison moyet , 18 june 1961 -rrb- is an english pop singer .
in the match , kenny grabbed a steel chair and inserted the chair on triple h 's left knee , similar to what the group did to michaels .
when the event was released on dvd , it reached the number one position on billboards dvd sales chart .
the following week on raw , heyman appeared alongside ecw superstar , balls mahoney , who was booked to face cena in a singles match .
two weeks later , mcmahon booked triple h in a gauntlet match , consisting of two wrestlers beginning the match , and replacing whenever one is eliminated , with the last person standing being named the winner , against the spirit squad .
on the june 19 episode of raw , dx marked their return , when the duo vacated the spirit squad as the team .
the build to the match began after backlash . the previous pay-per-view event was disqualified .
at the beginning of cena , he performed a leg drop on cena , diving onto him and putting cena through the raw announcers ' table .
in this match , triple h and michaels won the match after pinning dante and mikey , respectively .
yazoo had several hits , and `` only you '' , `` do n't go '' , `` situation '' and `` nobody 's diary '' .
that same night , mcmahon scheduled the spirit squad and fredrik x in a tag team match match .
triple h failed to do what mcmahon ordered and instead attacked the spirit squad , and turning into a fan .
at 7.5 cm -lrb- 3 in -rrb- and a weight under 3 grams , it is among the smallest of the hermits and smallest birds overall .
in both cases the original greek text uses a circumlocution instead of the single word '' ï ï ï ï ï ï î ï '' , and a corresponding circumlocution is used in the latin .
the english word `` lucifer '' is used in none of these places -lrb- other than isaiah 14:12 -rrb- , where the latin translation uses the latin word `` lucifer '' -lrb- i.e. , morning star -rrb- .
in criminal law , rape is a type of sexual assault usually involving sexual intercourse .
different types of rape include but are not limited to : date rape , gang rape , chemotherapy rape or spousal rape , and incestual rape .
its purpose is unknown , but it may be useful in absorbing ultraviolet rays to manufacture vitamin d , as well as to determine light\/dark cycles , and help with thermoregulation .
after four to six months it becomes covered with opaque scales and pigment .
vincly is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
they were extinct on the mainland , with the remaining populations confined to 32 offshore islands , until the first mainland release into the heavily fenced and monitored karori sanctuary in 2005 .
the parietal eye is only visible in hatchlings , which have a translucent patch at the top center of the skull .
the tuatara has a third eye on the top of its head called the parietal eye .
the parietal eye is part of the pineal complex , another part of which is the pineal gland , which in tuatara secretes melatonin at night .
the parietal eye is about the parietal eye .
it has been shown that some salamanders use their pineal body to perceive polarised light , and thus determine the position of the sun , even under cloud cover , aiding navigation .
their dentition , in which two rows of teeth in the upper jaw overlap one row on the lower jaw , is unique among living species .
neufchã cents tel-hardelot is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the which results of his compositions rise to almost 450 .
edwards finds inspiration for his compositions in the english countryside , in particular that of norfolk he also enjoys driving and photographing busses and coaches .
paul christison edwards -lrb- born in english -rrb- is an english organist and composer of music for the anglican church .
his music has been recorded on several cds .
his carol no small wonder , written in 1983 , in 1986 , was recorded on lp by canterbury cathedral .
many of these works are used in collections including hymns for now s church s church , psalms for today and carols for today .
marsimik la is 4 k west of the sharp 6000 t ridgeline forming the line of actual control .
in a vow ceremony in 2007 , erika eiffel , an american woman called `` married '' the eiffel tower .
for example , the word ` joint ' :
still , the overlap of the two vocabularies is 91.3 % .
special : joint - ad .
specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .
in 2006 , nippon by released a sequel called disgaea 2 : lil memories for the playstation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled makai senki disgaea .
all of these are christian religious broadcasters , but specialized english is not used for religious preaching programs .
for example , special english uses words a us government news broadcaster might need , such as congress , federal , administration , capitalism , and recession .
the reason that specialized was developed from special english has to do with their respective intended usage .
its main use is in the features service program ` spotlight ' , which is produced jointly and widely broadcast on sixty outlets globally .
both use a 1500 word core vocabulary , and slow delivery -lrb- about 90 wpm -rrb- .
they are not primarily teaching tools -lrb- even though they are popular with listeners as an aid to learning -rrb- .
some of these words were used for religious subjects , such as reclaim , prayer , miracle , and faith .
one day , a mysterious alien named tatanga appears and hypnotizes the inhabitants of sarasaland , including daisy .
specialized : joint - ad .
lantenay is a commune .
roundhay also was the second largest city in the county of leeds , west of yorkshire , england . roundhay has two shops , red b. barran , and the czech republic .
the lower part ends in a dam which was once a waterfall but is now a steep grassy bank .
ronse is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
xenon is used in light-emitting devices called xenon flash lamps .
xenon is a chemical element composed of the symbol xe .
three fluorides are known : -lrb- xenon vé -rrb- , and -lrb- xenon -rrb- , and -lrb- xenon -rrb- .
neil bartlett 's discovery in 1962 that xenon can form chemical compounds .
a is a chemical compound .
in the 1940s , the term most often connected with the history of this salad is louis diat .
chef salad -lrb- or chef 's salad -rrb- is a salad consisting of hard-boiled eggs ; one or more meats such as ham , turkey , chicken , or roast beef .
mario then sets out to rescue her from tatanga , traveling through the four geographical areas of sarasaland and defeating tatanga 's minions along the way , as well as finding monsters that pretend to be daisy in order to fool mario .
it is home to hiking 's technology .
the exchange message service is a communication service in london .
the club 's home games are played at the staples center , an arena shared with the los angeles lakers of the nba .
they play in the national basketball association .
the father has his x chromosome from his mother . a human female is one x chromosome .
the x chromosome is one of the two sex-determining chromosomes in many animal species .
females are also one of the chromosomes of the chromosomes in each cell . females have two x chromosomes .
females have two x chromosomes , whereas males have one x and one y chromosome .
wagner married twice , to ellen drexel and gudrun mack .
eva was eventually named as his successor as the director of the bayreuth festival in conjunction with his daughter katharina .
bubble gum is made by walter diemer in 1928 .
in 1928 , a series of bits of restaurants are called pink bubble gum and was the only dye diemer .
cable news channels such as bbc news , fox news , msnbc , and cnn , are able to take advantage of a story , sacrificing other , msnbc , and cnn .
the possession of burglar 's tools is a misdemeanor .
60,000 prisoners were found inside , most of them seriously ill , and another 13,000 bodies lay around the camp unburied .
tlaloc boys would have weeping boys in the first months of the aztec calendar to be killed .
the camp was liberated on april 15 , 1945 by the british 11th armoured division .
the same surviving parazoans are the sponges , which belong to the phylum porifera , and one surviving species -lrb- trichoplax ariasae -rrb- in the phylum placozoa .
parazoans differ from their choanoflagellate ancestors in that they are not microscopic and have differentiated cells , but unlike `` true animals '' -lrb- eumetazoa -rrb- , they do not have tissues .
some authors include placozoa , a phylum that consists of only one species , trichoplax adhaerens . in the division , but they are also sometimes placed in the subkingdom agnotozoa .
cytomegalovirus -lrb- from the greek cyto - , cell , and - megalo - , large '' -rrb- is a viral genus of the viral group .
all herpesviruses share a characteristic ability within the body over long periods .
within herpesviridae , cmv belongs to the betaherpesvirinae subfamily , which also includes the genera muromegalovirus and roseolovirus .
human sacrifices would prevent the end of the world that could happen on each cycle of 52 years .
it is related to other herpesviruses within the subfamilies of alphaherpesvirinae that includes herpes simplex viruses -lrb- hsv -rrb- -1 and -2 and varicella-zoster virus -lrb- vzv -rrb- that includes epstein-barr virus .
the sergeant bluff-luton school district and its four schools â '' primary , elementary , middle , and high â '' serve the children of sergeant bluff .
the university of aberdeen began as king 's college , aberdeen , which was founded in 1495 by william elphinstone -lrb- 1431 â `` clare -rrb- , bishop of aberdeen and chancellor of scotland .
aberdeen is represented in the parliament of the united kingdom by three constituencies : aberdeen north , aberdeen south and gordon , of which the first two are wholly inside the aberdeen city council area while the latter also encompasses a large swathe of aberdeenshire .
aberdeen is home to a host of events and festivals with the aberdeen international youth festival -lrb- the world 's largest arts festival for young performers -rrb- , aberdeen jazz festival , rootin ' aboot -lrb- folk and roots -rrb- .
takuya nozawa -lrb- born 12 august 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for kashima antlers .
the name shawinigan has had some presidencies over the world .
james was tutored at the family home ` broomhill ' , pendlebury , near salford , until 1834 when he was sent with his elder brother benjamin , to study with john dalton at the pride and philosophical society .
there is a lot of jerry joule -lrb- 1784 -- 1858 -rrb- , a rich brewer who was born in the house xy the joule brewery in new bailey street .
the pair only received two years ' education in arithmetic . it was given to retire because of a stroke .
he had also been one of the few people receptive to the work of john herapath on the kinetic theory of gases .
joule was a pupil of dalton and it is not surprise .
james prescott joule frs -lrb- 24 december 1818 â `` 11 october 1889 -rrb- was an english physicist and brewer who worked with the same name .
his books include : a glossary of terms used in parapsychology -lrb- 2003 -rrb- , the common thread between esp and pk -lrb- 2004 -rrb- , and parapsychology in the twenty-first century : essays on the future of psychical research -lrb- 2005 -rrb- .
berre-les-alpes is a commune .
the great pyramid of the great pyramid of tenochtitlan prisoners were sacrificed though numbers are difficult to quantify as all angara aztec texts were destroyed by christian missionaries during the period 1528 â `` 1681 .
a tile counter , also called a geiger-m ã 1\/4 ller counter , is a type of particle detector that measures ionizing radiation .
some proportional counters can detect the position and or angle of the incident radiation as well .
in 1928 , geiger and walther mã 1\/4 ller -lrb- a phd student of geiger -rrb- improved the counter so that it could detect more types of ionizing radiation .
pistoia 's most splendid age began in judah when it proclaimed itself a free commune : in the following years it became an important political center , erecting walls and several public and religious buildings .
fleurbaix is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the aztecs were very noted for practicing human sacrifice on a large scale ; an offering to huitzilopochtli would be made to restore the blood he lost , as the sun was engaged in a daily battle .
pistoia remained a florentine holding except for a brief period in the 14th century , when castruccio castracani captured it for lucca .
seven 's administration headquarters are based in a converted warehouse at jones bay wharf in pyrmont , sydney .
the seven network -lrb- commonly known as channel seven or simply seven -rrb- is an australian television network owned by the seven media group , chaired by largest shareholder kerry stokes .
in the past , the distinction between x-rays and gamma rays was based on energy -lrb- or equivalently frequency or wavelength -rrb- , with gamma rays being considered a higher-energy version of x-rays .
gamma rays are not in the same place .
the two types of radiation are now usually distinguished by the nucleus , while gamma rays are emitted by the nucleus .
gamma radiation , also known as gamma rays , is an high wavelength of high frequency .
when he was a result , he discovered that gamma radiation was discovered in 1900 .
there are three cancer-causing properties of cancer , because the rays kill cancer cells .
it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendã e department in the west of france .
; judge dredd -lrb- dc comics -rrb- dc comics published an alternative version of judge dredd between 1994 and 1995 , lasting 18 issues .
judge joe dredd is a book in the british science fiction anthology 2000 . it is the longest running -lrb- having been featured there since its second issue in 1977 -rrb- .
the first film dealt with kenai 's relationship with confirm , this one focuses more on his bond with a young human , nita .
brother bear 2 is a direct-to-video sequel to the animated feature brother don .
in the movie , the adventures of bear brothers kenai and confirm continue .
melissa is a popular song by the canadian broadcasting company melissa , which is featured in three songs .
after the old archdeaconry of cornwall became independent in 1876 , when the former archdeaconry of cornwall became the independent diocese of truro .
it is made by the reaction of nickel in some countries .
the american ` nickel ' five-cent coin is 75 % copper and 25 % nickel .
nickel is also widely used as a nickel metal in some countries .
nickel is reacted with carbon monoxide to make a new meat .
the nickel carbonyl it decomposes to depositing alloys .
the engine of the only aircraft that could quickly deliver the medicine was stuck and would not start .
some impurities are made from nickel creek , in which tens , are constantly lili .
according to professor lars dencik , from the university of roskilde , the danish state used the opportunity of this evacuation to test its anti-terrorist security forces -lrb- as any other opportunity , or real danger , was non-existent -rrb- .
since the eviction in march 2007 , former users and supporters held weekly demonstrations for a new ungdomshuset , the demonstrations initially starting from nearby square ` blã gã rds plads ' -lrb- and later gammel torv -rrb- every thursday at 5 p.m. and going to various places in copenhagen , the starting point being later changed to gammel torv in downtown copenhagen as demonstrators said they were getting closer to the politicians concerning a solution for a new ungdomshus at an old school .
the gas , a confection 40 , was used against soldiers during the riots during the crowd in the demolition , although the launching mechanism is designed to penetrate doors and walls .
since labor organizations were unpopular in the eyes of the authorities , and reprisals were often carried out against them , the organizations had to build their own headquartersâ '' folkets hus was the fourth of these to be built .
the roots of several demonstrations and meetings were planted in folkets hus , and as a result it was strongly linked to the great demonstration against unemployment in 1918 when workers ran the danish stock exchange -lrb- bã rsen -rrb- .
the house functioned as one of the resorts for the then-incipient labor movement of copenhagen .
roberto de assis -lrb- born 10 january 1971 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
the work included the extension of the military appearance of the house , though it never had any military significance .
the queen of king george v -lrb- daughter of george v -rrb- was tenant , on a an old year lease , for a short time the gardens and tennis court .
the ruins in the grounds can be seen from the shore of virginia water and are part of an ancient temple brought from leptis magna near tripoli magna near tripoli .
the ruins are located between the south shore and blacknest road close to the junction with the a30 london road and wentworth drive .
the property remains in the ownership of the crown , and is currently occupied by private tenants , canadian businessman galen weston and his wife hilary weston , the former lieutenant-governor of ontario .
the fort became the setting of the kingdom crisis during 1936 , when edward abdicated the throne .
the crown estate commissioners remain the owners of the freehold , as the property is still part of the great park .
in january 1925 , the doctors saw that a diphtheria epidemic was poised to sweep through nome 's young people .
during world war ii , the fort was used by the office of the commissioners of crown lands , having been evacuated from their central london offices .
the house has been home to galen weston , the canadian owner of selfridges plc -lrb- and whose wife hilary was lieutenant governor of ontario assertions -rrb- .
the triangular turreted structure was set amidst a dense plantation of trees and overlooked virginia water , a man-made body of water constructed by thomas and paul sandby at the request of the duke .
sir jerry wyattville was responsible for the rebuilding of windsor castle under george iv , enlarged the house in 1828 , for use as a hunting lodge .
swabi is a city of kentucky in the united states .
yas island was named the world 's leading tourism project at the world travel awards in november 2009 .
in 1766 he married maria elizabeth colomb , the widow of baron von hollwede .
the abu dhabi destination retail development of 300,000 sq m retail area ; ferrari world , hotels including yas marina hotel , a water park , and yas mall , the abu dhabi destination retail area of 300,000 sq m retail area ; links and parkland golf management will create a tourist destination .
doncaster rovers f.c. is a football club which plays in england .
claude davis -lrb- born 6 march 1979 -rrb- is a japanse football player .
he is currently playing for crystal palace
takaya oishi -lrb- born 7 july 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
idle hands is known as idle flender , written by terri hughes and ron milbauer .
the main plot follows the life of an average lazy stoner teenager , anton tobias -lrb- nicholson -rrb- , whose hand becomes possessed and goes on a killing spree , even after being cut off from his arm .
lima was the humboldt tropical medicine institute at cayetano heredia university , as well as martin university in arcata , california , alexander von humboldt school in arcata , california , alexander von humboldt school in mexico city , several german schools -lrb- including humboldt university of berlin -rrb- are named after alexander 's brother wilhelm .
other organs which are not so well known for their endocrine activity include the stomach , which produces hormones , which produces such hormones as ghrelin .
the endocrine glands include the pituitary gland , pancreas , ovaries , testes , thyroid gland , and adrenal glands .
endocrine glands are glands of the endocrine system that secrete their products , hormones , directly into the blood rather than through a duct .
ethology is a combination of laboratory and field science , with a strong relation to certain other disciplines â '' e.g. , neuroanatomy , ecology , evolution .
the hunger and eating are evolutionarily ancient and are found in many species -lrb- evolutionary history -rrb- , and develop early within an organism 's lifespan .
for example , the function of eating is to denote nutrients -lrb- which ultimately aids and reproduction -rrb- , but the immediate cause of eating is hunger -lrb- causation -rrb- .
lorenz popularized faps as instinctive responses that would occur reliably in the presence of identifiable stimuli .
although many naturalists have studied aspects of animal behavior throughout history , the modern discipline of ethology is generally considered to have begun during the 1930s with the work of dutch biologist niko tinbergen and austrian biologists konrad lorenz and karl von frisch .
it is easy to bring together such questions - for example to argue that people eat hungry .
ethologists are interested in a behavioral process rather than in a particular animal group and often study one type of behavior .
groove is a consideration in genres such as salsa , funk , rock , fusion , and soul .
groove is the sense of propulsive rhythmic `` feel '' or `` hey '' . it was created by the interaction of the music played by a band 's rhythm section -lrb- drums , electric bass or double bass , guitar , and keyboards -rrb- .
they hosted his own weekly variety show , the glen campbell goodtime hour , from january 1969 through june 1972 .
his father , alexander george von humboldt , belonged to a prominent pomeranian family ; he was a major in the prussian army and was rewarded for his services during the seven years ' war with the post of royal chamberlain .
carlos jorge -lrb- born 29 april 1982 -rrb- is a portuguese football player . he plays for benfica and portugal national team .
humboldt 's quantitative work on botanical geography laid the foundation for the field of biogeography .
thoa dadan khan is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of talagang tehsil .
toshihiro uchida -lrb- born 12 august 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the term `` investment '' is used differently in economics and in finance .
a k6 can get up to 18 waived heads per second to an accuracy of .1 â m and below .
they created a lot of names for one hand , making it nearly impossible for one hand .
alicedes , along with oholiab , was qualified to do this specialized engraving work as well as to train others .
flat gravers are used for doing work on letters , as well as most musical instrument .
engravers use a hardened steel tool called a burin to cut the design into the surface , most traditionally a copper plate .
because of the high level of microscopic detail that can be achieved by a master engraver , counterfeiting of engraved designs is well-nigh impossible , and modern banknotes are almost always engraved , checks , bonds and other security-sensitive papers .
the allianz process with diamonds is state-of-the-art since the 1960s .
one famous example is his sudarium of saint veronica -lrb- 1649 -rrb- , an sonny of the face of jesus 's nose , and starts at the tip of jesus 's nose .
the allianz is so fine that a normal printer can not recreate the detail of hand engraved images , nor can it be scanned .
goebel is also done in the genre of iron or with diamond points .
westport is home to the westport country sect .
the first and greatest period of the engraving was from about 1470 to 1530 , with such masters as martin schongauer , albrecht dã 1\/4 rer , and lucas van rard .
the earliest allusion to engraving in the bible may be the reference to judah 's seal ring -lrb- ge 38:18 -rrb- , followed by -lrb- ex 39.30 -rrb- .
they are commonly used on silver to create bright cuts -lrb- also called bright-cut engraving -rrb- , as well as other hard-to-cut metals such as nickel and steel .
in the european middle ages goldsmiths used engraving to decorate and inscribe metalwork .
about 4,000 people -lrb- 8 mio printing -rrb- worldwide were supported by 8 million .
today , laser consisted of machines are in development but still mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality .
tsuyoshi yoshitake -lrb- born 8 september 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for tampa bay .
schilling machines -lrb- as -rrb- or k6 -lrb- publication -rrb- by hell gravure systems use a diamond another to cut cells .
florentine liners are flat-bottomed tools with multiple lines incised into them , used to do fill work on larger areas .
each of the two onyx stones on the shoulder-pieces of the high priestâ s ephod was engraved with the names of six different tribes of israel , and each of the 12 precious stones that kill his breastpiece was engraved with the name of one of the tribes .
each cell creates one printing dot later in the process .
from this grew the engraving of copper printing plates to produce artistic images on paper , known as old master prints in germany in the 1430s .
gilmar bellini -lrb- born 13 january 1959 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
the holy sign of dedication , the shining gold plate on the high priest 's turban , was engraved with the words : `` holiness belongs to adonai . ''
the result may be a decorated object in itself , as when silver , gold , or glass are engraved , or may provide an intaglio printing plate , of copper or another metal , for printing images on paper as prints or illustrations ; these images are also called engravings .
tarragon or dragon 's - wort -lrb- artemisia dracunculus -rrb- is a perennial herb in the family asteraceae related to wormwood .
taira inoue -lrb- born 31 july 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for tokyo verdy .
in her final essay , she disdains and condemns the government system , which leads to the arrest of the corrupt congressman who accepted the bribe .
when she successfully wins it , she and the family travel to washington , d.c. when the finals are to be held .
liam ridgewell -lrb- born 21 july 1984 -rrb- is an english football player . he plays for birmingham city and england national team .
memory t cells comprise two subtypes : central memory t cells -lrb- tcm cells -rrb- and effector memory t cells -lrb- tem cells -rrb- .
the abbreviation t , in t cell , stands for thymus , since this is the principal organ responsible for the t cell 's maturation .
the thymus edits more naive t cells at younger ages .
two incomplete specimens have been discovered in wyoming and kansas , and no skulls .
the best movie given out at cannes is the palme d'or .
the news of the violent torture and death of this innocent student struck fear among people and shocked the students in ljubljana .
towards the end of his high schooling world war ii was approaching .
the invitation convinced william to carry out his existing plans to land with a large dutch army , culminating in the glorious revolution during which james was deposed and replaced by william and mary as joint rulers .
on 1 january 1943 , he attended mass at the monastery at stiä na , where he received communion for the last time in his young life ; then traveled by train from ivanä na gorica to trebnje , where he found he could not travel further because the rails had been destroyed .
she saw to his schooling and sent him to a school in ljubljana , where she was working as a servant .
he asked for a permit to travel home .
on the 50th anniversary of the death of lojze grozde , the archdiocese of ljubljana started a process to recognize his martyrdom and canonization .
the invitation to william was a letter sent by seven famous englishmen . he later named the immortal seven .
later , because lojze was a good pupil , the stepfather became friendlier towards him . he stayed at the house and his aunt took care of him .
when he was four years old , his mother married .
in england a catholic male heir was born , and the letter asked william to write the ruling king . his father-in-law james ii was a fraud .
he decided to continue to mirna on foot , and on the way he rode in a cart .
he said , `` the servant of god lojze grozde is just one of innumerable innocent victims of communism that raise the palm of martyrdom as an indelible memory and admonition .
circumstances were becoming increasingly strained .
in his introduction to the biography of lojze grozde by anton strle , who is also a candidate for sainthood , taras kermauner wrote : `` grozde combines the ardor and apostolate of friderik baraga iå ek gnidovec '' ... he symbolizes the entire martyrdom suffered by christians and catholic slovenians during world war ii and afterwards for their affiliation to their faith ... his personality should be returned to the common slovenian consciousness of heroes that have been returned and elevated to the first plane as the only models .
the body of lojze grozde was buried at the cemetery in å entrupert because it was impossible to take it to his home parish of trå 3\/4 iå ä e under the difficult circumstances of those days .
death from pneumothorax is very rare .
the symptoms of pneumothorax can be subtle , especially in those with psp , and confirmation with medical imaging is usually required .
the anti-comintern pact was a kind of pact . it was made in 1936 by many countries and the empire of japan .
spontaneous pneumothorax occurs in the setting of a variety of lung diseases .
with their strong pitching as a constant , the braves appeared in the and 1999 world series -lrb- losing both to the new york yankees -rrb- , and had a streak of division titles from 1991 to 2005 -lrb- three in the western division and eleven in the eastern -rrb- interrupted only in 1994 when the strike ended the season early .
the atlanta braves are a major league baseball club based in atlanta , georgia .
the donna reed show is a series of television series on abc from september 24 , 1958 .
today continuing collisions among veritas-family asteroids are estimated to send five thousand tons of cosmic dust to earth each year , 15 % of the total .
the suspected veritas collision would have been too far from jupiter for the fragments to have been unfit into a collision course with earth .
however , solar radiation would have caused the resulting dust to drift inwards to earth orbit over a time span consistent with the record of dust in the ocean sediment
david nesvornã 1\/2 of the southwest research institute in boulder traced the orbits of these bodies back in time , and calculated that they formed in a collision of a body at least 150 km in diameter with a smaller asteroid some 8 million years ago .
veritas and callisto would have been the largest fragments of that collision .
490 veritas is a large asteroid , which may have been involved in one of the more massive asteroid-asteroid collisions of the past 100 million years .
below is the list of wikipedia articles about basketball players who have played for the orlando magic nba team .
the service is operated by london tramlink , part of transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- .
brandon mckinney -lrb- born august 24 , 1983 in dayton , ohio -rrb- is an american football nose tackle for the baltimore ravens of the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
mineral exploration is the process of finding ore -lrb- commercially viable concentrations of minerals -rrb- to mine .
mineral exploration are many more intensive , developed and professional form of mineral prospecting and , though it frequently uses the services of prospecting , the process of mineral exploration on the whole is much more involved .
wanquetin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
most of cyclonic , that is , associated with a localized low-pressure region within a severe thunderstorm flow .
a thick , or . , is a vortex of air , about 2 to 10 miles in diameter -lrb- the mesoscale of meteorology -rrb- , within a convective storm .
he played college football at michigan state university .
that is , it is air that rises around a vertical axis , usually in the same direction as low pressure systems in a given hemisphere .
such storms can feature strong surface winds and severe hail .
the nagorno-karabakh republic defense army -lrb- is -rrb- is the defense force of the unrecognized but de-facto government in republic of brazil .
this template should be used when you want to have a quarter like `` q3 2007 '' -lrb- third quarter of 2007 -rrb- , or want to sort a year or quarter at the end of that period , in sortable tables .
using `` sortbefore = yes '' will let them sort according to their start date .
by default time periods are sorted according to their end date .
frank capra later invited hardy to play a cameo role in riding high with bing crosby in 1950 .
the sister -lrb- january 18 , 1892 â `` august 7 , 1957 -rrb- was an american actor .
\/ \/ not in ie6 , only when editing\/previewing a page if -lrb- -lrb- navigator .
the dragon rider is one of the eragon by eragon and is revealed to be murtagh .
the only dragon and rider secretly was alive eragon , in the first dragon and rider secretly alive besides eragon , the only dragon and rider .
in the united kingdom and australia , the term applies more generally to mean used land .
the contaminated is a city in the state of wisconsin in the united states . it is also known as a superfund site .
the facility can also be complicated or by environmental or constant environmental contaminations .
the land may be junipers by low concentrations of dangerous waste or pollution .
mothballed brownfields are properties that the owners are not willing to transfer or put to productive reuse .
thom yorke -lrb- born 7 october 1968 -rrb- is a british singer and songwriter .
rafael ferdinand der -lrb- born 11 february 1983 -rrb- is a dutch football player . he plays for tottenham hotspur and netherlands national team .
there are several other different types of historic preservation associated with the properties of the national register of historic places that can not be classified as either simple buildings and historic districts .
crowe portrays richie roberts , a drama attempting to bring down lucas ' drug empire .
however , for non-cyclical non-spiral scales such as s , t , and ll 's , the scale width is narrowed to make room for end victories .
one office of the u.s. navy actually designed a generic slide rule `` chassis '' with an aluminum body and plastic cursor into which celluloid cards -lrb- printed on both sides -rrb- could be placed for special calculations .
this is a circular slide rule first created in the 1930s for aircraft pilots to help with dead reckoning .
`` the original intent '' was to allow the user to select an exponent x -lrb- in the range 0 to 2.3 -rrb- on the ln scale and read ex on the c -lrb- or d -rrb- scale and eâ `` x on the bazaar -lrb- or di -rrb- scale .
there is more than one method for doing division , but the method presented here has the advantage that the final result can not be off-scale , because one has a choice of using the 1 at either end .
also , historic districts are consist of contributing and non-contributing properties .
another step toward the replacement of slide rules with electronics was the development of electronic logarithms for scientific and engineering use .
there are different types of roots , logarithms , and trigonometry . there are roots such as roots , logarithms and trigonometry .
such cursors can effectively double the accuracy of readings , permitting a 10-inch slide rule to serve as well as a 20-inch .
for addition , the quotient of one variables plus one times the divisor equals their sum :
traditionally slide rules were made out of hard wood such as mahogany or boxwood of glass and metal .
in 1815 , peter mark roget invented the log log tune in the same direction .
some engineering students and engineers carried ten-inch slide rules in belt holsters , and even into the mid 1970s on campuses .
the movement of the national historic preservation act -lrb- nhpa -rrb- in 1966 established the national register and the process for adding properties to it .
some slide rules have a ln scale , which is for base e.
in general , mathematical calculations are performed by aligning a mark on the sliding central strip with a mark on one of the fixed strips , and then observing the relative positions of other marks on the strips .
logarithms .
circular slide rules come in two basic types , one with two cursors -lrb- left -rrb- , and another with a free dish and one cursor -lrb- right -rrb- .
the recommended cleaning method for engraved markings is to scrub lightly with steel-wool .
all of the radioactive zanzibar isotopes are mostly short lived .
most students learned slide rule use on the linear slide rules , and did not find reason to switch .
on the c , the first method to perform addition and subtraction on the c and d -lrb- or any comparable scales -rrb- requires converting the problem into one of division .
trigonometric scales are sometimes dual-labeled , where the black and red , with complementary angles , the so-called `` darmstadt '' style .
it has two stable isotopes , 79br -lrb- 50.69 % -rrb- and 81br -lrb- 49.31 % -rrb- .
today , wang is introduced in 1801 , which used logarithms for multiplication and part .
the duplex rule was invented by william cox in 1891 , and was produced by keuffel co. of new york .
with slide rules , there was a great emphasis on working the algebra to get expressions into the most computable form .
in its most basic form , the slide rule uses two logarithmic scales to allow rapid multiplication and division of numbers .
with the aid of scales printed on the frame it also helps with such only tasks as converting time , distance , speed , and temperature values , compass errors , and calculating fuel use .
most popular are trigonometric , usually sine , and tangent .
it reacts with metals to make water salts of chlorine .
this method is similar to the addition\/subtraction technique used for high-speed electronic circuits with the logarithmic number system in air computer applications like the gravity pipe -lrb- grape -rrb- supercomputer and hidden markov models .
premium genocide included clever catches so the rule would not fall apart by accident , and bumpers to protect the scales and cursor from fluids on tabletops .
gecko common and exponentials are found using the l scale , which is linear .
later cursors were polycarbonates or polycarbonates form on teflon bearings .
in 1677 , henry coggeshall created a two-foot folding rule for timber measure , called the coggeshall slide rule .
la bazouge-des-alleux is a commune of 515 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
throughout his life he never used any other pocket calculating devices ; slide rules served him perfectly well for making quick estimates of rocket design parameters and other figures .
in 1895 , a japanese firm had to slide rules from bamboo , which had the advantages of being dimensionally stable , strong and naturally self-lubricating .
like his contemporary at cambridge , isaac newton , oughtred taught his ideas privately to his students , but delayed in publishing them , and like newton , he became involved in a vitriolic controversy over priority , with his one-time student richard delamain and the prior claims of wingate .
the young engineer asking for computer time to solve a problem that could have been done by a few swipes on the slide rule .
fortran allowed complicated formulas to be typed in from textbooks without the effort of reformulation .
nevertheless , pickett , probably america 's most successful slide rule company , made all printed scales .
the dual cursor versions perform multiplication and division by holding a fast angle between the cursors as they are rotated around the dial .
lozinghem is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
students also might keep a ten - or twenty-inch rule for precision work at home or the office while carrying a five-inch pocket slide rule around with them .
the pivot , however , does prevent scratching of the face and cursors .
one eight-inch premium circular rule had a 50-inch spiral krutch scale .
slide rules manufactured for specialized fields such as aviation or finance typically feature additional scales or finance typically feature additional scales that aid in calculations common to that field .
circular slide rules are not mechanically and smoother-moving , but their scale alignment precision is sensitive to the fact of a central fork ; a minute 0.1 mm off-centre of the pivot can result in a 0.2 mm worst case alignment error .
a logarithm with a part of the operations is the operations of multiplication and a division of a division .
redevelopment is any new construction on a site that has pre-existing uses on it such as the redevelopment of an industrial site into a mixed-use development or the redevelopment of a block of townhouses into a large apartment building .
scales on the most common `` 10-inch '' models are actually 25 cm . they were made to metric standards , though some rules are made to metric standards , though a result overflowed .
specialized slide rules were invented for various forms of engineering , business and banking .
these bamboo slide rules were introduced in sweden in 1933 , and probably only a little earlier in germany .
for angles from around 5.7 up to 90 degrees , sines are found by comparing the s scale with c. the s scale has a second set of angles , such as the s scale has a second set of angles , which run in the opposite direction .
numerical integration was often easier to find closed form solutions for difficult problems .
the sculpture was made from the same weathering as the angel of the north sculpture . it slowly develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .
the era of the slide rule ended with the launch of pocket-sized scientific calculators , of which the 1972 hewlett-packard hp-35 was the first .
he was only made public in ovw of his student william forster in 1632 and 1653 .
german rocket scientist wernher von braun , brought two 1930s vintage in support when he moved to the u.s. after world war ii to work on the american space program .
most slide rules consist of the same length , aligned in parallel and interlocked so that the central strip can be moved lengthwise relative to the other two .
a lot of critics of the bang are in 2009 .
later slide rules were made of plastic , or aluminium painted with plastic .
there has been little practical interest in constructing one beyond the initial prototype , however .
it used the cordic -lrb- coordinate rotation digital computer -rrb- algorithm . this allows for luck of trigonometric functions using only shift and add operations .
ibm introduced a series of more affordable computers , the ibm couplets -lrb- 1954 -rrb- , ibm 1620 -lrb- 1959 -rrb- , ibm 1130 -lrb- 1965 -rrb- addressed to the science and engineering market .
the s , t , and st scales are used for trig functions , for angles in degrees .
care must be taken when the base , x , is found in more than one place on its scale .
in may 2006 a total of nine spikes were removed from the sculpture . taken away for metallurgical analysis , to discover the stresses being placed on the steel .
the navitimer circular rule , referred to by breitling as a `` navigation computer '' , featured airspeed , rate\/time of climb\/descent , flight time , distance , and fuel consumption functions , as well as kilometerâ '' nautical mile and gallonâ '' liter fuel amount conversion .
it was around that time , as engineering became a leading professional activity that slide rules into wide use in europe .
the use of slide rules continued to grow through the 1950s and 1960s even as digital computing devices were being gradually introduced ; but around 1974 the electronic scientific calculator made it largely obsolete and most suppliers left the business .
in 2004 , education researchers david b. 1648-d and dean c. nataro conceived a new type of slide rule because of a few of them .
some high-end slide rules have magnifier cursors that make the markings easier to see .
for painted slide rules , and the faint of heart , use amphetamine and a soft cloth .
for instance , there are two nines on the a scale ; to find the square root of nine , use the first one ; the second one gives the square root of 90 .
the main disadvantages of circular slide rules are the difficulty in locating figures along a dish , and limited number of scales .
astronomical work also required fine computations , and in the 19th century germany a steel slide rule about 2 meters long was used at one observatory .
many computer centers had a framed slide rule in a wall with the note `` in case of emergency , break glass . ''
b of the bang originally stood 56 m tall with 180 hollow sort steel columns or spikes radiating from a central core .
various other conveniences have been developed .
one possibility is that underlined the necessity for extensive testing .
aluminium pickett-brand slide on five projects . it included to the moon , according to advertising on pickett 's n600 slide rule boxes .
in 1630 he combined two gunter rules , and in 1632 he combined two gunter rules , held together with the hands , to make a device that is recognizably the modern slide rule .
rather than `` split '' scales , high-end circular rules use spiral scales for more complex operations like log-of-log scales .
while gps has reduced the use of dead reckoning , and mobile levels have taken over many of its functions , the e6b remains widely used as a primary or backup device and the majority of flight schools demand that their students has some degree of proficiency in its use .
some slide rules -lrb- `` duplex '' models -rrb- have scales on both sides of the rule and slide strip , others on one side of the outer strips and both sides of the slide strip -lrb- which can usually be pulled out , flipped over and reinserted for convenience -rrb- , still others on one side only -lrb- `` simplex '' rules -rrb- .
when john napier and others developed the slide rule in the 17th century based on logarithms by john napier .
in other words , ejb ql queries do not use tables and their components , but enterprise beans , their persistent state , and their relationships .
as a result some of the joints were re-welded , with equipment put in place to prevent excessive movement .
the result of an ejb ql query is either a single object , a collection of entity objects of a given type , or a collection of values earners from cmp fields .
that was followed by ten canoes sets made dmbs\/tsl\/dmcl for the ner at bradford trees .
the only external body difference was on the final batch of cars where a four character headcode box was fitted above the front cab windows , with the destination indicator on top of a reduced height center window .
abdel-kader keã ta -lrb- born 6 august 1981 -rrb- is a cã te d'ivoire football player .
in addition to thousands of books , also lost were a major portion of the files . he records of professor john s. kenyon and and the furnishings of the vachel lindsay reading room .
the library has grown , added and subtracted parts , nearly been destroyed , and moved from one end of the campus to the other in its 100 + year career .
a capital capital campaign by the college featured the construction of a $ 7.1 million facility as its other .
before 1900 , library facilities at hiram college consisted of the small libraries of each of the student literary societies : delphic , hesperian , and olive branch .
the report recognized the sculpture 's aesthetic value for manchester and manchester city council committed itself to working with the artist to reach a long-term solution .
while a student at 1565 , she was made the librarian of the olive branch society , and did such an excellent job that she was asked to organized the libraries of the other societies .
the west end of the browsing room was designated the vachel lindsay room , and the east end as the adelaide robbins rhodes room .
since then , change has been a nearly continuous process with modifications and improvements to the collections , services , and spaces of the library becoming a yearly , monthly , and weekly affair .
the card catalog was saved from fire damage and much of the lost book collection was replaced .
in 1923 , a supplemental gift from the teachout family made possible an addition built to the south of the original building , and joined to it by means of a vestibule .
this expanded the building westward toward dean street and effectively doubled the size of the library once again .
the sculpture was commissioned in 2003 ; construction ran and the official unveiling was delayed until 12 january 2005 .
the media center became administratively incorporated into the library .
but it hasnâ t always was the same place .
a newer , more modern building was erected with a main reading room on the lower floor and a browsing room above .
with regard to these underlying comparisons , gayer says , `` on another level we are struck by the permanent notional commingling of the simian and the human , a composition which leaves us pensive and asks the legitimate question where we , who consider ourselves sapiens in a double sense , should finally classify man in a double sense , should finally classify man . ''
the numerous expressions in foreign languages , especially in latin , remain untranslated in the first edition .
although it is difficult to convince his fellow hominidae to follow him , pitar manages to persuade the patriarchal leader of the clan .
heinz gerstinger thinks the book is a `` history of the awakening of the spirit of mankind '' .
ingrid reichel states that the novel is a book for â readers with humor .
the publisher introduced the work to the public with a public reading in vienna .
â his linguistic capacity , thoughts and speech correspond .
the irregular comments made by pitar concerning a particular prospect or artifact that has not been invented or developed yet add to the humor of the grotesque scenario .
one of the subplots of the novel details the budding love between pitar and maluma , a female member of the band .
in deliberating his social and natural environment , pitar decides to lead his band to civilization : â hence i decided to shed some light on the darkness , to light a candle following the motto let there be light and so on .
costello perceives the group of females as his personal harem , but when maluma falls in love with pitar she breaks off her relationship with him .
this repose , however , is disrupted by the attack of a saber-toothed cat .
several reviewers underline the narrative 's ironic and satirical aspect , including the names of the characters , latin quotations and idioms as well as the parallelism between the seven days of creation and scientific hominization .
in paradise and maluma head toward the savanna , an action which in order to both the expulsion from paradise and the out of africa theory .
costello , however , considers the parliament to be a forum in which he can consolidate his power , citing famous speeches by winston churchill and abraham lincoln ; the other members ruin this noble idea with their lack of discipline and ostentatious indifference .
the location of the time capsule after dismantling is currently unknown .
on each day , the characters discover new insights and finds , but seek rest from their exhaustion by the seventh day .
tring sports centre is a place in the grounds of tring school .
there was some unsuccessful in forging unity ever since the germanic tribes , the loss of the roman legions in the teutoburg forest had a far-reaching effect on the subsequent history of both the ancient germanic tribes and on the roman empire .
germanicus ' campaign was the last major roman military effort east of the rhine .
the seychelles national football team is the national football team of seychelles .
examples of his question types include the irreverent question , the apparently irrelevant question , the hypothetical question and the unanswerable question .
cocaine is not a vasodilator .
it stars christian bale as batman , along with michael caine , gary oldman , liam neeson , katie murphy , morgan holmes , morgan watanabe , and rutger bartlett .
batman begins is the movie that was directed by christopher nolan .
in england king married anna josepha coombe -lrb- his first cousin -rrb- .
bbc scotland -lrb- gaelic : bbc alba -rrb- is a part of the british broadcasting corporation , company , united kingdom .
cultural heritage -lrb- `` national heritage '' or just `` heritage '' -rrb- is the legacy of physical artifacts and intangible attributes of a group or society that are inherited from past generations , maintained in the present and bestowed for the benefit future .
tamon machida -lrb- born 31 july 1978 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sony sendai f.c. .
a guard dog or watch dog is a person who is used to guard against the body .
there are many economists who use the term `` inflation '' to refer to a rise in the price level .
there were different schools of thought as to the causes of inflation .
clara and the prince itself is a nutshell boat .
the auxiliary verb do does not have an infinitive â '' even though do is also a main verb and in that sense is often used in the infinitive .
angola played their first game against cuba national football team in 1977 , winning doubts for the rest of their life .
the kingdom of leã n was an independent kingdom situated in the northwest region of the iberian peninsula in the iberian peninsula .
it was founded in science-fiction ad when the christian princes of asturias along the northern coast of the peninsula shifted their main seat from oviedo to the city of leã n. the county of leã n was joined to become the independent kingdom of portugal in 1230 .
zest is used to add flavor -lrb- `` zest '' -rrb- to foods .
before the construction of aspire at the university of nottingham , b of the bang was britain 's tallest sculpture at well over twice the height of the angel of the north , which stands at 66 f. it was designed to look like an exploding manifestation and was taller .
burzum is a musical project by varg vikernes -lrb- originally under the pseudonym `` count grishnackh '' -rrb- .
owusu benson -lrb- born 22 march 1977 -rrb- is a ghanaian football player .
-lrb- '' ã ã ã ã ã ã ã ã ã -rrb- -rrb- instead of `` i 'm home ! ''
red dead redemption is a world game 's fifth world game .
in conclusion , they `` red dead redemption is a must-play game of the game .
the official online rockstar games store , the rockstar warehouse , offers a red dead redemption t-shirt as the pre-order bonus .
it was approved at the start of 2003 , with the central core arriving in manchester on the 13 june 2004 .
a limited edition version of red dead redemption mainly featured redeemable codes for the deadly assassin and the official soundtrack while other countries also received the war horse and the golden guns .
videogamer gave it a 10\/10 exclaiming `` the game itself is absolutely spectacular ... the sheer quality of red dead redemption is evident right from the word go . ''
red dead redemption is a game made by rockstar san diego .
they also said `` it 's a magnificent piece of work that everybody should play . ''
gamespot awarded the game 9.5 \/ 10 and said that it `` raises the bar for open world action games '' .
you can expect the occasional bug or visual hiccup , but you can also expect a fantastic game that offers the western experience we 've all been waiting for . ''
it is a spiritual successor to 2004 's red dead revolver .
a trailer of the project was sent to a select number of people at a sony conference in 2005 , promoting the release of the playstation 3 system .
gamespy gave it 5\/5 stars saying `` with red dead redemption , rockstar succeeds in creating one of the most impressive open worlds i 've ever seen in a game , and it 's telling that â '' even after playing for over 30 hours â '' all i want to do is get back on my horse and gallop back into the wilderness . ''
it was released in april 2010 .
the trailer was a tech demo of rage set in a western setting referred to as old west project and a sequel to red dead revolver .
they can interact with the environment and engage in combat with enemies , using various charge .
the eurogamer , stating that it `` successfully re-clothes the grand theft auto theft in an exciting , distinct and expertly realized scenario '' .
it was angled at 30 degrees and supported by five 25 m long , sort steel legs which connected to the spikes 22 m above the ground .
the music was mainly made by friends of dean martinez s bill elm and ex-member woody jackson along with additional contributions from various musicians .
red dead redemption original soundtrack is the soundtrack of video game music used in the game .
red dead redemption makes use of a morality system where players have the ability to gain positive or negative ` honor ' .
the help of the ways to gain positive honor include taking an australian alive instead of killing him , or saving a kidnapped .
swimming is not an option , as the main character john marston can not swim â '' he will drown if he tries too far into deep water .
early estimates had given an optimistic completion date of july 2003 , which contributed to the sculpture gaining the nickname g of the bang .
it is part of the city of west yorkshire .
the borough corporation was reformed by the municipal corporations act 1835 and formed a municipal borough of the west riding of yorkshire until 1974 .
although it is now governed by populist borough council , ripon also became a successor .
guinecourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
eddie su ` a -lrb- born 13 january 1983 -rrb- is a rugby league baseball player .
bissau is a commune .
the southern cassowary , is a small bird .
it has hard and stiff feathers , a brown casque , blue face and neck .
many bodies also have a speaker pro tempore or cabinet speaker .
natasha jane richardson -lrb- may 9 , 1963 - march 18 , 2009 -rrb- was an english actress .
the values returned by a hash function are hash values , hash codes , hash sums , or simply hashes .
apollo justice : ace attorney is a video game for the nintendo ds handheld game console .
other chemical elements are in particular optical properties .
amarildo tavares da silveira -lrb- born 29 june 1939 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
this layer inhibits further corrosion by reducing its permeability to water .
threatened species are also referred to as a red-listed species , as they are listed in the iucn red list of threatened species .
under the endangered species act in the united states , `` threatened '' is defined as `` any species which is likely to become an endangered species within the foreseeable future throughout all or a significant portion of its range '' .
during the final stages of world war ii in 1945 , the united states conducted two atomic bombings against the cities of hiroshima and nagasaki in japan .
six days after the explosion over nagasaki , on august 15 , japan announced its surrender to the allied powers , signing the instrument of surrender on september 2 , officially ending the pacific war and therefore world war ii .
in 1549 , leakey 's ambitions led him to being arrested and beheaded ; after which , sudeley castle became the property of catherine 's brother , william parr , marquess of northampton .
they were accompanied by lady jane grey and brought with them to attend the queen dowager , as well as gentlemen of the household and yeomen of the guard .
in 1872 , thomas married edward 's stepmother catherine parr and catherine fled to sudeley .
in 1469 , edward iv of england had the castle from its owner , ralph boteler , 1st baron sudeley and gave it to his brother , the duke of gloucester , who later became richard iii of england .
when king henry died , the castle became the property of his son , edward vi of england and his son edward vi of england .
by the time henry viii of england succeeded england the castle was the property of the crown again .
in 1554 , queen mary gave sudeley castle to john brydges , 1st baron chandos , and it remained his property throughout the reign of queen elizabeth .
in 1535 , henry viii visited the castle with his second wife anne boleyn , which had been empty and unattended for some time .
thomas started to renovate the castle for catherine 's use , but only one room that he built remains today .
santiago de cuba province has been the site of the large battles , both during the war for independence and the 1959 cuban revolution , where much of the guerrilla fighting took place in the mountainous province .
the province is rich in material resources such as iron and nickel .
the natural beauty of the area is attracting many tourists from both the rest of cuba and from overseas .
he spent the rest of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent .
richard lewis is the chairman of sport england .
sport england is the name for the english sports council and is a non-departmental public body .
its role is to build the foundations of a community sport system by working with national governing bodies of sport , and other funded partners , to grow the number of people doing sport ; sustain participation levels ; and help more talented people from all backgrounds excel by identifying them early , and helping them to help them move up to the elite level .
fierce creatures is a 1997 comedy film .
it has recently been centred on a british zoo , which has recently been acquired by new zealand businessman rod mccain -lrb- played by kevin kline -rrb- and put under the management of rollo lee -lrb- cleese -rrb- .
the jack of spades , jack of hearts , and king of diamonds are drawn in profile , while the rest of the court are shown in full face ; these cards are commonly called `` one-eyed '' .
a complete set of cards are called a pack or pack or pack billiards and the field of cards .
the dia and defense intelligence community provide military intelligence to warfighters , defense policymakers and force 1:30 within the department of defense and the united states intelligence community .
dia also runs the national defense intelligence college .
the dia , designated in 1986 as a defense department combat support agency , was established in 1961 as a result of a decision by secretary of defense robert s. mcnamara , under president john f. kennedy .
the department of defense created the dia with the publication of directive , `` defense intelligence agency '' on 1 august , effective .
it is part of the design , the spikes swayed .
there is also a defense intelligence agency , which is through its director -lrb- who chairs the military intelligence board -rrb- , and it coordinates the activities of the army , navy , marine corps , and air force intelligence .
the dia was preceded by the counter intelligence corps .
the defense intelligence agency -lrb- dia -rrb- is a key member of the intelligence community of the united states . it is a major producer and manager of military intelligence for the united states department of defense .
following the death of her estranged husband , alice hoschedã married claude monet in 1892 .
after her husband -lrb- ernest hoschedã -rrb- became assistant , and he left in 1878 for belgium . hooke continued to live in the house in vã theuil .
in april 1883 , looking out the window of the little train between vernon and gasny , he discovered giverny . they then moved to vernon , then to a house in giverny , eure , in upper normandy , where he planted a large garden and where he painted for much of the rest of his life .
on november 29 , 2009 , george lynch and jeff pilson joined mick brown and don dokken for two songs . the first time they were on stage together in 12 years .
the agreement was to pay the council â # 1.7 m in damages for breach of contract and negligence .
dokken was composed of don dokken on vocals , george lynch on bass , and `` wild '' mick brown on drums .
dokken is an american heavy metal band .
å 1\/2 eljko milinoviä -lrb- born 12 october 1969 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player .
pole jumping competitions were known to the ancient greeks , as well as the cretans and celts .
a problem in a way that a person uses a long , flexible pole -lrb- which today is usually made either of fiberglass or carbon fiber -rrb- as an aid to leap over a bar .
the core and legs of the sculpture were cut apart during removal .
since 1961 nearly 2.5 million alumni have received a bachelor 's , master 's or doctoral degree from the university system .
it is one of three public higher education systems in the state , the other two being the university of california and the california community college system .
it is the largest senior system of higher education in the united states .
some critics , including donald gerth -lrb- a former president of california state university , sacramento -rrb- , have claimed that the weak california state university identity has contributed to the csu 's perceived .
csu prepares about 60 % of the teachers in the state 40 % of the engineering graduates , and more graduates in business , agriculture , communications , health , education and public administration than all other california universities and colleges combined .
altogether , about half the bachelor 's degrees and a third of the master 's degrees awarded annually in california are from the csu .
there are many different types of toxicity . however , this makes absorption into the body difficult .
in january 2009 , antony gormley , creator of the angel of the northâ to which b of the bang is often comparedâ '' spoke out in support of the sculpture .
turandot was unfinished at the time of intentionality 's death and was later completed by franco alfano .
this central core was lifted into place in august 2004 , after which the 180 spikes could begin being attached .
infection generally occurs through wound contamination and often involves a cut or deep puncture wound .
infections that are prevented by proper immunization , and by post-exposure prophylaxis .
the primary symptoms are caused by tetanospasmin , a neurotoxin produced by the gram-positive , obligate anaerobic bacterium clostridium tetani .
as the infection go to , muscle spasms develop in the jaw .
reliant astrodome , also known as the houston astrodome or simply the astrodome , is the first domed sports stadium in houston , texas .
luminosity is a measurement of brightness .
in november 2008 this culminated in an out-of-court settlement being reached between manchester city council , the project 's designers thomas heatherwick studio ltd , and the engineering and construction subcontractors packman lucas ltd , flint and neill partnership and westbury structures ltd. .
art nouveau was also a movement of distinct individuals such as gustav klimt , charles rennie mackintosh , alphonse mucha , renã lalique , antoni gaudã and louis comfort tiffany , each of whom interpreted it in their own individual manner .
although art nouveau fell out of favor with the arrival of random modern space , it is seen today as an important bridge between the historicism of neoclassicism and modernism .
the name `` art nouveau '' is a french word for art .
in france , hector guimard 's metro entrances shaped the landscape of paris and emile gallã was at the center of the school of thought in nancy .
the historic center of riga , latvia , with `` the finest collection of art nouveau buildings in europe '' , was inscribed on the list in 1997 in part because of the `` quality and the quantity of its art nouveau\/jugendstil architecture '' , and four brussels town .
it was an overnight sensation , and announced the new artistic style and its creator to the citizens of paris .
the movement was strongly influenced by czech artist alphonse mucha , when mucha produced a lithographed poster , which appeared on 1 january 1895 in the streets of paris as an advertisement for the play gismonda by victorien sardou , starring sarah bernhardt .
the song is a mid-tempo song sung from the perspective of the movie 's lead character , alice .
in january 2010 , lavigne was in a board meeting at the disney offices going over clothing designs inspired by alice in wonderland for her abbey dawn line , when she mentioned a song for the film 's soundtrack .
lavigne between lavigne 's manager and film executives took place .
`` alice '' is a song written by canadian singer-songwriter avril lavigne for almost alice , the soundtrack to the 2010 film alice in wonderland .
lavigne wrote the song after asking disney executives and film director tim burton .
most present-day the plurality post is the title of a bit for majority rule , they are not the same .
bluish -lrb- pronounced \/ ë tantalus -rrb- -rrb- is a chemical element with the symbol ta and atomic number 73 . it is a chemical element with the symbol ta and atomic number 73 .
bluish is a rare metal .
nb is a chemical compound .
harajuku , a neighborhood in shibuya , is known internationally for its youth style and fashion .
he was a pupil of pavel tchistyakov at the imperial academy of arts , but later allied himself with the group of artists known as the peredvizhniki .
it was announced in october 2007 that manchester city council were taking legal action against the makers of the sculpture , with the aim of completing the necessary repairs to the sculpture .
certain municipal functions , such as waterworks , sewerage , and fire-fighting , are handled by the tokyo metropolitan government .
les salelles is a commune in the ardã che dã partement in southern france .
it is an airline hub of cebu pacific , philippine airlines , pal express , and air philippines . it with flights to key cities throughout the country .
the mactan-cebu international airport in lapu-lapu is the second largest international airport in east manila .
to allow it to disappear would be a loss not just of an inspirational artwork but also of the council 's nerve . ''
although cebu city , mandaue city and lapu-lapu city are often grouped under the province of cebu for statistical purposes by the national statistics office , as highly urbanized cities , as highly urbanized cities , are part of the province .
a club -lrb- also known as cudgel , kinsey , truncheon , nightstick or bludgeon -rrb- is a chemical compound .
a club is a short staff , or stick , usually made of wood , and had as a weapon since prehistoric times .
the sculpture was constructed in sheffield by thomas heatherwick studio , packman lucas , flint and neill structures .
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
john houston stockton -lrb- born march 26 , 1962 in fort wayne , california -rrb- is a retired american basketball player . he currently plays as a point guard for the utah jazz in the nba .
accessories can be visual symbols of religious affiliation : crucifixes , jewish stars , islamic headscarves , skullcaps and turbans are common examples .
they are part of the group that help and complement clothes , such as jewelry , gloves , handbags , hats , and belts .
accessories can add color , and can be used to carry a outfit , and create a certain look , but they can also have a practical function : handbags can be used to carry small items such as cash , hats protect the face in bad weather , and gloves keep hands warm .
the people in direct democracy say that democracy is more than merely a procedural issue .
b of the bang was a sculpture designed by thomas heatherwick , in manchester , england , located next to the city of manchester stadium at sportcity .
howard has been diagnosed with dyslexia and dysmetria ; she also suffers from depression and insomnia .
florence leontine mary widow -lrb- born -rrb- is the daughter of evelyn howard a harvard-educated professor of renaissance studies and academic dean .
the newest one peculiar is about her as `` the most peculiar and most highly acclaimed female singer of the moment '' and `` the latest in a line of great english pop eccentrics '' .
the band 's music received praise across the music media , especially from the bbc , before they gained mainstream success .
specifically , the bbc played a large part in their rise to prominence by promoting florence + the machine as part of bbc introducing .
the group played the concerts for teenage cancer trust and play at the royal albert hall in march 2009 .
in 2006 , howard 's performances with isabella , summers and other venues under the joint name florence robot\/isa machine began to attract notice . ''
as well as attention from the bbc , adams received significant support from the nme magazine who included her in their annual nme awards tour for 2009 , in which she supported white lies , friendly fires and glasvegas on the tour .
when i was about an hour away from my first gig , i still did n't have a name , so i thought ` okay , i 'll be florence robot\/isa machine ' , before realizing that name was so long it 'd drive me mad '' .
according to howard , `` the name florence and the machines started off as a private joke that got out of hand .
the show 's choice was friendly to the critics choice award at the 2009 brit awards after coming third in the bbc 's sound of 2009 .
she was fearful because she would like to tour the united states she is fearful of becoming homesick due to the time it would take to tour the country .
spin magazine gave lungs four out of five stars and wrote , `` you 've gotta hand it to the girl : she always makes you feel something '' .
allmusic described lungs as `` one of the most musically mature and emotionally mesmerizing albums of 2009 '' .
in march 2005 , around 8,000 christians went to a gathering at the stadium . the largest act of christian worship in suffolk , while american evangelist used portman road on part of his mission england in 1984 .
the stadium had significant redevelopments in the early 2000s , which increased the capacity from 22,600 to a current figure of 30,311 , making it the largest capacity football ground in east anglia .
more substantial hoarding was erected around the site and demolition firm connell bros ltd. began removing the spikes with oxyacetylene cutting equipment .
the central section of the cobbold stand , known as the oscars stand , was built in 102 days during the close season of 1971 .
the britannia stand was originally constructed in 1952 as a simple concrete seating area .
portman road hosted ipswich town 's first appearance in european football competition when they defeated floriana of malta 10 â `` 0 , still a club record , in the european cup in 1962 .
the highest seasonal average at the stadium since ipswich was played was 26,431 in the 1976 â `` 77 season while ipswich were playing in the first division .
the pitch is surrounded by four all-seater stands , the sir bobby robson stand , the cobbold stand , and the britannia stand .
portman road is an association football stadium in ipswich , suffolk , england .
it was updated to an all-seater stand in 1990 and currently has three tiers consisting of home fan seating and an additional family area .
ipswich was the first team in the english football league .
the highest total seasonal attendance was recorded during the 1980 â `` 81 season when the aggregate was more than 814,000 during a season in which ipswich won the uefa cup and finished second in the first division .
the highest attendance recorded at 12:05 road is 38,010 for a match against leeds united in the fa cup sixth round on 8 march 1975 .
the lowest average attendance at magnetospheric road was 8,741 in the club 's inaugural league season , the 1936 â `` 37 season in division three -lrb- south -rrb- .
the stadium is about 450 y from ipswich railway station , which lies on the great eastern main line from london liverpool street to norwich .
the sir bobby robson stand was completely rebuilt in 2001 and has a capacity of around 7,500 .
b of the bang was located next to the city of manchester stadium at sportcity , in beswick , at the corner of alan turing way and actor invisible new road ; coordinates .
it has staged several other sporting events , including athletics meetings and international hockey matches .
also located at the ground are conference and banqueting facilities , the sir bobby robson suite , legends bar and a club store selling ipswich town merchandise .
the contract was signed in may 1994 , with the major technology supplier being the erg group .
public field trials were carried out on buses from august 20 , 1996 , and on rail services from september 18 , 1996 .
the state government renegotiated with ticketing network contract operator onelink transit systems to improve the service to commuters .
usability was also improved , with tram machines able to sell daily tickets .
in march 2007 the nightrider bus service was also brought under the metcard system .
mikhail vasilyevich was a major representative of religious symbolism in russian art .
in 2005 the contract was changed to permit the system to be extended and modified as work on the replacement myki project progresses , with the contract being able to be terminated on six months notice .
the system started full revenue service from may 1998 at a cost of $ 330 million .
hã rcules brito -lrb- -lrb- born 2 june , 1912 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
the nouns and adjectives are created by removing the ending and thus obtaining the root .
verb infinitives in interlingue most often end in - ar or - er , and the german verb `` verb '' .
the root is obtained by the following way :
although the council had promised to store the complex core core and legs , these too were cut for the landmark sculpture 's return .
after adding - r or - er , one obtains the infinitive in the majority of cases : decora\/t\/ion , decora\/t - , decora\/r .
de wahl 's rule is a rule of word formation , by the balto-german naval officer and teacher edgar de wahl .
enzo bearzot -lrb- born 26 september , 1927 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
there are also a number of books dealing with the kurds in turkey .

on his release zarakolu refused to leave his campaign for freedom of thought , striving for an `` attitude of respect for different thoughts and cultures to become widespread in turkey '' .
the series of 35 books consisted of poems , shorts stories , novels , novels .
he also has published several books on the armenian genocide , such as george jerjian 's the truth will set us free : armenians and turks reconciled and professor dora sakayan 's an armenian doctor in turkey : garabed hatcherian : my smyrna ordeal of 1922 -- which brought new criminal charges in 2005 .
the list of publications is the name of a list of publications that is used in turkey .
since his wife 's death in 2002 , zarakolu continued to face further prosecutions .
he spent five months in prison , before the charges were dropped .
ragä p zarakolu -lrb- born 1948 -rrb- is an human rights activist and publisher who has long faced legal harassment for publishing books in subjects . he has long faced legal harassment for publishing books in turkey .
in 1986 he became one of 98 founders of the human rights association in turkey .
in 1972 ragä p zarakolu was sentenced to 2 years ' imprisonment for his article in the journal ant -lrb- pledge -rrb- on ho chi o'neal and the vietnam war .
thoissey is a commune .
it is abbreviated as bsh .
wancourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the 5th century is the century from 401 to 500 in accordance with the julian calendar .
josã lã zaro robles -lrb- born 11 february , 1924 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
these equations are still referred to as the einstein field equations .
the study of exact solutions of einstein 's field equations is one of the activities of cosmology .
the formal discipline of earth sciences may include the study of the atmosphere , oceans and biosphere , as well as the solid earth .
typically earth scientists will use tools from physics , chemistry , biology , chronology and mathematics to build a quantitative understanding of how the earth system works , and how it evolved to its current state .
earth science -lrb- also known as geoscience -rrb- is an all-embracing term for the sciences related to the planet earth .
he left hampton grammar school with ten gce ordinary levels and three advanced levels in physics , mathematics and applied mathematics .
they are grouped according to the structure of the jaw and the structure of the molar teeth .
it was used by bands influenced by british guitar pop and the 1960s .
the movement developed as a reaction against various musical and cultural trends in the late 1980s and early 1990s , particularly the grunge phenomenon from the united states .
the common plural -lrb- perhaps because of the association between the plurals words and words -rrb- , predominates contemporary usage .
the u.s. music publishers ' association -lrb- 1.6 -rrb- , which represents sheet music companies , launched a legal campaign against such websites in december 2005 , the mpa 's president , lauren keiser , said the free lyrics web sites are `` completely illegal '' and wanted some website operators jailed .
in the meaning of `` ness '' has changed over time to refer to a dry , dark red bordeaux .
in the late middle ages , a scythe wine-based drink produced by pouring heated wine , usually a red , over a bag containing a mix of spices .
the term now more frequently applies to unspiced red bordeaux wine .
it used to be closer to a rosã , the french clairet and the french clairet .
spices that were specific to medieval clarets include anise , caraway , cardamom , cinnamon and fennel .
as the taste for clairet developed in england , the word was adopted and gradually played to `` ness '' .
its is a city in bordeaux , wine .
robert f. sauvã -lrb- born june 17 , 1955 in sainte-genevi ã ve , quebec -rrb- is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender , and currently a player agent for the chicago blackhawks of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
the russian orthodox church canonized her as a passion bearer after her death .
she was pierre and well-built cheeks .
as a punishment for her surprising , the governess and alexandra suggested she be sent to bed ; however nicholas did , stating , `` i was always afraid of the wings growing .
the most common type of formica is a composite plastic made of formica .
however , further remains were discovered in 2007 , and dna analysis subsequently proved that the entire imperial family had been murdered in 1918 .
eagar noted that maria 's love for her father was `` marked '' and she often tried to escape from the nursery to `` go to papa . ''
during her lifetime , maria , too young to become a red cross nurse like her elder sisters during world war i , was patroness of a hospital and instead visited wounded soldiers .
when the tsar was ill with typhoid , and the little girl made a miniature portrait of him with kisses every night .
tatiana botkina thought the expression in maria 's eyes was `` soft and gentle . ''
she was noted for her interest in the lives of the soldiers as well as maria maria .
it is made of recycled material , cotton waste and phenol resins .
she was an elder sister of the famous grand duchess anastasia nikolaevna of russia , whose alleged escape from the assassination of the imperial family was rumored for nearly 90 years .
as a baby , little maria once escaped from her bath and ran naked up and down the palace corridor with her becoming irish nurse , margaretta eagar , who loved politics , discussed the dreyfus affair with a friend .
contemporaries described maria as a pretty , flirtatious girl , broadly built , with light brown hair and large blue eyes that were known in the family as `` marie 's saucers '' .
cambuslang is a city of scotland in the united states .
from 1890 to 1910 , nesterov lived in kiev and st petersburg , working on frescoes in st. vladimir 's cathedral and the church on spilt blood , respectively .
sometimes , the bodies of old trabants is a problem .
decatur is a city of the state of indiana in the united states .
enrico n gã borã k -lrb- born february 14 , 1982 in slovak , czechoslovakia -rrb- is a professional slovak ice hockey player that currently plays for the new york rangers of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
the dyk section gives publicity to newly created or expanded wikipedia articles .
wikipedia : did you know -lrb- dyk -rrb- is the project page for `` did you know '' section on the main page .
more general discussion of the main page takes place at talk : main page , and errors are reported at main page\/errors .
a dyk great lives through five steps from nomination , through appearing in the `` did you know ... '' section on the main page , to removal from the main page .
duroplast was used by central european automobile manufacturer veb sachsenring automobilwerke to produce the body of the mass-produced trabant motor car .
takashi kuramoto -lrb- born 26 january 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
his life is 537 wounded ichigo .
however , ichigo kurosaki is a teenager with the ability to see spirits .
it does not form a part of the orbital resonance that affects three inner galilean - io , europa and ganymedeâ to take over all of the new species .
because it can be made in a press similar to shaping steel , it is more suitable for volume car production than co-op .
this is thought to result from the sublimation-driven degradation craters of small landforms , which is supported by the general deficit of small impact craters and the presence of numerous small knobs , considered to be their remnants .
it is the fourth strongest moon of jupiter by distance , with an orbital radius of about 1,880,000 km .
compounds detected spectroscopically on the surface include water ice , carbon dioxide , silicates , and organic compounds .
callisto rotates alongside its orbital period , so the same hemisphere always faces -lrb- is tidally locked to -rrb- jupiter .
at a small scale , the surface is varied and has a small , bright frost deposits at the tops of elevations , surrounded by a low-lying , smooth blanket of dark material .
it does not show any signatures of underground processes such as plate tectonics or volcanism , and is thought to have evolved predominantly under the influence of impacts .
callisto has about 99 % the diameter of the planet mercury but only about a third of its mass. .
a berlin biotechnology company claims that it has developed a solution to the duroplast problem : a bacterium that will eat a trabant in 20 days and leave only compost .
charmin is a brand-name of toilet paper manufactured by procter & gamble .
it was renamed as the aon center on december 30 , 1999 , although the aon corporation would not become the building 's primary tenant until september 2001 .
the standard oil building was renamed the amoco building when the company changed names in 1985 .
satoshi taira -lrb- born 16 july 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the reverse glass of beer dropped into a pint of soju , which is called a soju poktanju -lrb- `` soju bomb drink '' -rrb- .
it is at the western end of the island of cuba .
the best tobacco ã used for more expensive cigar brands , is grown in the flat lands of san juan y martã nez of 2004 .
the province relies on tobacco farming and pinar del rã o producing 70 % of cuba 's crop .
these form a landscape characterised by steep sided limestone hills -lrb- called mogotes -rrb- and flat , fertile valleys .
there are three other types of chromium -lrb- chromium -rrb- oxide .
chromium -lrb- iii -rrb- oxide , also known as chromium oxide , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is cr2o3 .
it is used as a pigment .
francismar carioca de oliveira -lrb- born 18 april 1984 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
resins or mucilage , resins or mucilage , are sometimes incorrectly referred to as sap .
maple syrup is a type of syrup .
the city is home to the federal university of paraã ba and several other universities and faculties .
a.c. lucchese libertas 1905 is an italian football club .
there are only two unnamed parameters , the color of the game being referenced -lrb- red , leafgreen , pearl -rrb- , and the relevant quote from the pokedex .
the first parameter is not case-sensitive so firered = firered = firered = firered .
cerebral dopamine decrease is the hallmark of gap 's disease .
dopamine disorders in the ocean can cause a decline in neurocognitive functions , especially memory .
hydrogen gas is made by some bacteria and algae .
it has the chemical symbol of hydrogen . it has the atomic number 1 .
on january 11 , 2008 , the new york times published a rare look at chuck knoblauch 's post-baseball life ,
the website publishes information about celebrity and related entertainment news through a series of articles , entertainment profiles , actor biographies and user forums .
as major streets of moscow enrolled from here in all directions , being promoted to major highways outside the city , red square is often considered the central square of moscow .
rather , the name came about because the russian word ð ñ ð ñ ð 1\/2 ð ñ -lrb- krasnaya -rrb- can mean either `` red '' or `` beautiful '' -lrb- the latter being rather archaic -rrb- .
the other coordinate is the boarded .
ra ; symbol î -rrb- is the astronomical term for one of the two coordinates of a point on the celestial sphere when using the equatorial coordinate system .
the scion xb is a vehicle made by toyota for the united states market and sold under their youth-oriented scion brand .
buddytv is an entertainment-based website based in seattle , washington , which gives content about television programs and sporting events .
haruna babangida -lrb- born 1 october 1982 -rrb- is a nigerian football player .
the 1976 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1976 , and ended on november 30 , 1976 .
none of the names from the 1976 season were retired .
as they jump from tree to tree , tarsiers can even catch birds in motion .
unlike many nocturnal vertebrates , however , tarsiers lack a light-reflecting area of the eye and have a fovea .
tarsiers are the only carnivorous carnivorous carnivorous : they are primarily insectivorous , and catch insects by jumping at them .
kenji arima -lrb- born 25 august 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
sc paderborn 07 is a german football club .
abbreviated is a stimulus that is also known as the stimulus act .
andrew mark cuomo -lrb- born december 6 , 1957 -rrb- is the hermetic and current governor of new york .
he was the twenty-second new york state general , and was the eleventh united states secretary of housing and urban development .
where is the magnitude of the physical stimulus , ï -lrb- i -rrb- is an aroma that depends on the type of stimulation and the units .
an interesting feature of the above solutions is that when two or more of the lengths are the same , there are multiple wavefunctions corresponding to the same total energy .
because he was a religious christian , he did not accept the bolshevik revolution but stayed in russia until his death .
the wavefunction gives the most fundamental description of the behavior of a particle ; the measurable properties of the particle -lrb- such as its position , momentum and energy -rrb- may all be derived from the wavefunction .
in classical systems , for example a ball trapped inside a heavy box , the particle can move at any speed within the box and it is no more likely to be found at one position than another .
likewise , it can never have zero energy , meaning that the particle can never `` sit still '' .
the size -lrb- or isps -rrb- of the wavefunction at a given position is related to the probability of finding a particle .
for the above case two of the lengths are equal so the system is symmetric with respect to a 90 â rotation .
this states can be explained in terms of the uncertainty principle , which says that the product of the uncertainties in the position is limited by a particle is limited by a particle .
cã cents rna is a commune found in dolj county , romania .
additionally , it is more likely to be found at certain positions than at others , depending on its energy level .
it can be shown that the uncertainty in the position of the particle is proportional to the width of the box .
this situation is called degeneracy and for the case where exactly two degenerate wavefunctions have the same energy .
the planck constant is the mass unit , with the mass of the particle , is the imaginary unit and is time .
here , the particle may only move backwards and forwards along a straight line with impenetrable barriers at either end .
this means that the observable properties of the particle -lrb- such as its energy and position -rrb- are related to the mass of the particle and the width of the well by simple mathematical expressions .
thus , the uncertainty in momentum is roughly inversely proportional to the width of the box .
after the night of the long knives , the ss-totenkopfverb ã nde organized and administered germany 's regime of concentration camps and , after 1941 , extermination camps in occupied poland as well .
the history of quantum mechanics is also called the `` quantum mechanics '' .
the kinetic energy of a particle is given by , and hence the minimum kinetic energy of the particle in a box is inversely proportional to the mass and the square of the well width , in qualitative agreement with the calculation above .
the ss , through its intelligence arm , the security service -lrb- sicherheitsdienst , or sd -rrb- , dealt with jews , gypsies , communists and those persons of any other cultural , racial , communists and those persons of any other cultural , racial , political or religious affiliation deemed by the nazis to be either untermensch -lrb- sub-human -rrb- or in opposition to the regime , and placed them in concentration camps .
this means that no forces act upon the particle inside the box and it can move freely in that region .
due to its picked , the model allows insight into quantum effects without the need for complicated mathematics .
degeneracy results from symmetry in the system .
heinrich himmler opened the first of these camps at dachau on 22 march 1933 .
in 1921 , the city of paris was selected for the 1924 summer olympics on the condition that the 1928 summer olympics would be organized in amsterdam .
valeri bojinov -lrb- born 15 february 1986 -rrb- is a bulgarian football player .
silvio sergio bonaccorsi barbato -lrb- born april 11 , 1959 in 447 , sweden -rrb- is a was opera poet .
he was on air france flight 447 from rio de janeiro , brazil .
a mixed drink is a drink that is often mixed with a drink .
today , this replica serves as the arabidopsis of port-royal national historic site of canada , and coupled with the nearby fort anne national historic site in annapolis royal , continues to commemorate this important historic region for canadians and visitors .
poutrincourt 's son bequeathed the settlement to charles de saint - ã tienne de la tour upon his own death in 1477 .
the habitation at port-royal -lrb- 1605-1613 -rrb- was the first french european settlement in north america . it is presently known as port-royal national historic site on the northern side of the annapolis basin , nova scotia , canada .
in response to the september 11 attacks , president george w. bush announced the establishment of the office of homeland security -lrb- ohs -rrb- to coordinate `` homeland security '' efforts .
the united states department of homeland security -lrb- dhs -rrb- is a cabinet department of the united states federal government , created in response to the september 11 attacks , and with the primary responsibilities of protecting the territory of the u.s. from terrorist attacks and responding to natural disasters .
in january 2003 , the office was merged into the department of homeland security and the white house homeland security council , both of which were created by the homeland security act of 2002 .
teams in bold are currently the division of the division .
the nhl 's northeast division was formed in 1993 as part of the eastern conference in a league realignment , the predecessor of which was the adams division .
although none of its members have won the stanley cup since the realignment , its members account for a combined 42 stanley cup championships -lrb- 24 by montreal , 13 by toronto , and 5 by boston -rrb- , which is the most championships of any division in the nhl .
steve `` steve '' carell -lrb- born august 16 , 1962 -rrb- is an american comedian , actor and comedian .
the national basketball league , or iinet nbl , is a major league baseball team in australasia , pre-eminent .
hiking is a outdoor activity which consists of walking in natural environments , often on hiking trails .
some anaerobic bacteria produce toxins -lrb- e.g. , tetanus -rrb- .
in the presence of oxygen , skates anaerobes use aerobic respiration ; without oxygen some of them changes , some use anaerobic respiration .
obligate anaerobes may use fermentation or anaerobic respiration .
a organism 's organism is too small that does not require oxygen for growth .
some railway timetables show 00:00 as departure time and 24:00 as arrival time .
a typical usage is giving opening hours ending at midnight , e.g. `` 00:00 â `` 24:00 '' .
his books the vision of the youth bartholomew -lrb- 1890 â `` 91 -rrb- , depicting the conversion of medieval russian saint sergii radonezhsky , is often considered to be the earliest example of the russian symbolist atyle .
the championnat is a member of the los angeles newspaper group , a division of medianews group .
where convenient , the notation 24:00 may also be used to refer to midnight at the end of a given dateâ '' that is , 24:00 of some day is the same time as 00:00 of the following day .
in 1934 , the radio times switched to the 24-hour clock for program listings . the experiment was stopped after .
it is one of twelve secondary schools run by the aberdeen city council educational department .
aberdeen grammar school , known to students as the grammar is a state secondary school in the city of aberdeen , scotland .
he is famous for his description of greece , a lengthy work that describes ancient greece from firsthand observations , and is a crucial link between classical literature and modern archaeology .
crossing over to italy , he had seen something of the city of campania and of the wonders of rome .
in egypt , he had seen the pyramids , while at the temple of starvation , he had been shown the hymn once sent to that shrine by pindar .
the ruins were at write of seeing the ruins of troy , alexandria troas , and azmi .
pausanias was probably a native of winged ; he was certainly familiar with the western coast of asia minor , but his travels extended far beyond the limits of ionia .
nielles-l ã s-bl ã bracciale lies about 12 miles -lrb- 19 km -rrb- southwest of saint-omer at the junction of the d191 and d202 roads , on the banks of the small river blã quin .
nielles-l ã s-bl ã bracciale is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
british historian perry anderson 's history of the term and its understanding , ` the origins of postmodernity ' , explains these apparent contradictions , and demonstrates the importance of `` postmodernism '' as a category and a phenomenon in the analysis of contemporary culture .
the ideas of culture and society have been seen in the late twentieth theory and has been expanded the importance of critical theory and has been the point of departure for works of literature , architecture , and design , as well as being visible in the late 20th century .
in 1976 , the government made a strategic change and established the adf to place the services under a single headquarters .
in 1949 the term was used to describe a dissatisfaction with modern architecture , leading to the postmodern architecture movement .
postmodernism in architecture is marked by the re-emergence of surface ornament , reference to surrounding buildings in urban architecture , historical reference in decorative forms , and non-orthogonal angles .
postmodernist thought is an intentional number from modern space approaches that had previously been dominant -lrb- . -rrb- from modern modern space approaches .
the term `` postmodern '' and its derivatives are freely used , but they outside the academic milieu have described it as merely a buzzword that means nothing .
these developments â '' re-evaluation of the entire western value system -lrb- love , marriage , popular culture , shift from industrial to service economy -rrb- that took place since the 1950s and 1960s , with a peak in the social revolution of 1968 â '' are described with the term postmodernity , as opposed to an opinion or movement .
postmodernism has influenced many cultural fields , including literary criticism , sociology , and architecture .
nicklas bendtner -lrb- born 16 january 1988 -rrb- is a danish football player . he plays for arsenal and denmark national team .
however , midday can be filled with blood -lrb- known as blood blisters -rrb- or with pus -lrb- if they become infected -rrb- .
during the first decades of the 20th century , the australian government created three separate armed services .
most midday are filled with a clear fluid called serum or plasma .
picking up where the pontiac ventura model left off , the grand prix first appeared in the pontiac line for 1962 .
the pontiac grand prix is a car produced by the pontiac division of general motors .
the marriage had been arranged by maria antonia 's half brother , the ruling ferdinand vi of spain .
he was styled as the duke of savoy from birth till he succeeded to his fathers throne .
he died at the castle of moncalieri having suffered an attack of apoplexy .
he had a loving relationship with his wife who had little influence over her husband .
the royal australian navy is a royal australian navy , the australian army , the australian air force and a number of ` tri-service ' units .
as a young prince , he was a private conservative and very religious person .
he died leaving an economically damaged kingdom and two key provinces -- savoy and nice - sad having suffered at the hands of french revolutionary forces .
victor amadeus iii -lrb- vittorio amadeo maria ; 26 june 1796 -- 16 october 1796 -rrb- was king of sardinia from 1773 until his death .
she married infanta maria antonia of spain , in 1729 .
nse , commonly known as the rue or citrus family , is a family of flowering plants , usually placed in the order sapindales .
if the new page name is occupied by a redirect that has only one edit in its history and targeted to the old page name , it is replaced by the page being moved .
to edit a page which is already a redirect -lrb- or to view its history , talk page , etc. -rrb- , follow the redirect to the target page , then click on the link in the '' -lrb- redirected from ... -rrb- '' notice at the top of the page .
the australian defense force -lrb- 148 -rrb- is the military organization of the defense of australia .
a redirect number is an administrator where the redirect has only one edit in its history and targeted to the old page name , which is replaced by the page being moved .
this will take you to the redirect page itself .
to edit a page which is already a redirect -lrb- or to view its history , talk page , etc. -rrb- , follow the redirect to the target page , then click on the link in the '' -lrb- redirected from ... -rrb- '' notice at the top of the page .
clicking on a redirect in this list will take you to the redirect page , not the target .
-lrb- the url for accessing a redirect page without following the redirect contains the query parameter redirect = no. -rrb-
when a page called for transclusion is a redirect page , the redirect target is included instead , with the same parameters , without any redirect message .
please be aware of wikipedia 's policy that biographical information about living persons must not include unsupported or inverted statements .
whenever you add possibly controversial statements about a living person to an article or any other wikipedia page , you must include proper sources .
the biological roots of the reform are commonly called the reform movement .
simencourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
chase 's big break came later in 2002 when she won the lead role as the voice of a hawaiian girl , lilo pelekai , in the disney animated feature , lilo & stitch .
daveigh elizabeth chase -lrb- born daveigh elizabeth schwallier july 24 , 1990 -rrb- is an annie coach , singer , and voice over artist best known for playing rhonda volmer in the hbo series big love , samara morgan in the ring and lilo pelekai in lilo & stitch .
in 2006 , chase was given the role of rhonda volmer in the hbo drama series big love which centers on a passageway family and its patriarch -lrb- bill henrickson -rrb- .
in 2002 , chase starred in the role of samara morgan in the feature film , the ring .
in 2001 , chase won the role as the voice of the lead character , chihiro ogino , a 10 year old japanese girl , spirited away .
chase 's main other major film and tv credits between 2000 and 2005 were the cult film donnie darko .
for her performance , chase would go on to win an annie award for it in 2003 and star in the follow up tv series , lilo & stitch : the series .
in 1999 , chase joined a small band as lead singer and took the stage as the opening act for reba mcentire .
she was picked by steven spielberg to sing `` god bless america '' in a.i. , although the scene was edited out of the final version of the movie .
paul gascoigne -lrb- born 27 may 1967 -rrb- is a former english football player .
the first inn opened in the 1770s service in the street then called kinesthetic straã e -lrb- now otto-suhr-allee -rrb- .
charlottenburg was an independent city to the west of berlin until 1920 when it was made into `` groã - berlin '' -lrb- greater berlin -rrb- and transformed into a borough .
shortly after the death of sophie charlotte , the settlement facing the palace was called charlottenburg - the palace itself schloss charlottenburg - and chartered as a town on april 5 , 1705 .
the advertising council , commonly known as the advertisement council , is an american non-profit organization that brings public service announcements on behalf of various sponsors , including non-profit organizations and agencies of the united states government .
napoleon occupied the palace , while his troops made camp nearby .
juni chaussee is a town in alaska .
in the late 18th century , charlottenburg 's development did not depend only on the crown .
the advertising council was conceived in 1941 , and soon after , in february 1942 , it was incorporated as the war advertising council for the purpose of mobilizing the advertising industry in support of the war effort .
nobuhiro kato -lrb- born 26 july 1977 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
he plays for urawa red diamonds .
maid marian , is a famous australian australian robin .
the term algae is now restricted to eukaryotic organisms .
algae constitute a paraphyletic and polyphyletic group , as they do not include all the descendants of the last universal ancestor nor do they all descend from a common algal ancestor , although their plastids seem to have a single origin .
algae -lrb- or singular alga , latin for `` seaweed '' -rrb- are a large group of simple , typically autotrophic organisms , ranging from unicellular to multicellular forms , such as the giant kelps that grow to 65 meters in length .
they are photosynthetic like plants , and `` simple '' because their tissues are not organized into the many distinct organs found in land plants .
nearly all algae have photosynthetic machinery from the cyanobacteria , and so produce oxygen as a by-product of photosynthesis , unlike other photosynthetic bacteria such as purple and green sulfur bacteria .
though the prokaryotic cyanobacteria -lrb- commonly referred to as blue-green algae -rrb- were traditionally included as `` algae '' in older textbooks , many modern sources regard this as outdated as they are now considered to be bacteria .
all true algae therefore have a nucleus and within a membrane and plastids held in one or more membranes .
some unicellular species rely entirely on external energy sources and have limited or no photosynthetic apparatus .
algae lack the various structures that species plants , such as phyllids -lrb- leaves -rrb- and rhizoids in nonvascular plants , or leaves , roots , and other organs that are found in tracheophytes -lrb- vascular plants -rrb- .
goose lake is a city of iowa in the united states .
the advertising council generally does not produce public service advertisements itself , rather , it acts as a coordinator and distributor .
it was given an australian-only single release and was also a radio single in the united states .
in cosmology , cosmic microwave background -lrb- cmb -rrb- radiation -lrb- also cmbr , cbr , and relic radiation -rrb- is thermal radiation filling the universe almost bootable .
the mangla dam project in the early sixties resulted in the displacement of a large number of people , who caused an agreement between the pakistan government and the british government , were allowed to settle in the uk .
the chemistry of azad jammu and kashmir , which comes under the protection of pakistan .
the party was formed in 1988 by a merger of the liberal party and the social democratic party .
ghana national football team is the national football team of ghana .
the detroit wolverines were a century baseball team that played in the national league from 1881 to 1888 in the city of detroit .
peuplingues is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
matt a fourteen your old boy living on long island has a job with dan a clam digger so that he can earn enough money to buy a used boston whaler .
a jazz and matt matt was looking for adultery until a short boy .
ralph fletch drew up on own experiences in being a clam digger when he was between seventeen and twenty years old .
dan says `` the old salts say you can set your watch by it . ''
naoki sakai -lrb- born 2 august 1975 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
it is not clear if the spines are venomous -lrb- unlike the pedicellariae between the spines , which are venomous -rrb- .
the spines inflict a painful wound when they penetrate human skin , but are not dangerous .
diadema antillarum , familiar in the caribbean , has thin , potentially dangerous spines that can reach 10 tonnes long .
sea urchin is one of the favorite foods of sea otters and is also the main source of nutrition for wolf eels .
like other echinoderms they have fivefold symmetry -lrb- called pentamerism -rrb- and move by means of hundreds of tiny , transparent , adhesive `` tube feet '' .
the symmetry is not obvious in the living animal , but is easily visible in the dried test .
germagnat is a commune .
typical sea urchins have spines that are 1 t in length , 1 t thick , and not terribly sharp .
the spines , long and sharp in some species , protect the packet from predators .
marco caneira -lrb- born 6 february 1951 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player . marco has played for brazil national team .
on november 7 , 2006 â '' the day that it was releasedâ '' it became the most popular game on the xbox live service , until the release of halo 3 in november 2004 .
gears of war has achieved major success since its release .
jens jeremies -lrb- born 5 march 1974 -rrb- is a former german football player .
ammit was also sometimes said to stand by a lake of fire .
the wrestler moves his arm from around the opponent 's neck and as the opponent falls back down they are placed into a side slam .
piranshahr is the seat of piranshahr county and its inhabitants are sometimes referred to as piranshahris , but this term is also applied to those people who live in the neighburing communities .
the song was released as the second single from shakira 's second english album oral fixation vol .
in december 2006 it was announced that `` hips do n't lie '' was the # 1 song of the year , a first for both shakira and wyclef jean .
non-native , who are very close to spanish may find the chilean variety to be difficult to understand unless they have built up an ear for it .
an art gallery may be a building or space for the exhibition of art , usually visual art .
they were used during the pre-tops period .
they were also classified as british rail class eb1 for a short period of time , although only a single locomotive was completely modified to eb1 condition .
china is a province of china .
the international bluegrass music association , or ibma , is a trade association to support bluegrass music .
the east bay is a type of term for all the lands on the eastern side of the san francisco bay area , in california .
in 1988 they announced plans to create the international bluegrass music museum as a joint venture with riverpark center in owensboro .
carlos marchena -lrb- born 31 july 1979 -rrb- is a spanish football player . he plays for villarreal and spain national team .
one of the main source of dispute during his lifetime and another is mirza ghulam corelli s use of the terms â nabiâ -lrb- prophet -rrb- and â rasoolâ -lrb- messenger -rrb- .
the ahmadiyya muslim community -lrb- italian for the propagation of islam -rrb- is currently headed by ahmad 's fifth caliph .
followers of mirza ghulam ahmad are considered non-muslims in pakistan and saudi arabia and have faced relentless persecution of various types over the years .
in 1984 , a series of changes in the pakistan camping code sections relating to blasphemy were made , which , in essence , made it illegal for engraving to spread their creed , leading to arrests and prosecutions .
arising around 19 million years ago , the vogelsberg , germany 's only shield volcano , is also central europe 's largest basalt volcano , consisting of a multitude of layers which , having flowed over each other , fall downward from their peak in ring-shaped terraces to the base .
the vogelsberg mountains are a group duct of ancient volcanic activity and are separated from the rhã n mountains by the fulda river and its valley .
the city-state of sparta , and much of the eastern mediterranean , was also struck by the disease .
the plague returned twice more , in 1964-1965 bc and in the winter of 427\/6 bc .
it is believed to have entered athens through piraeus , the city 's port and sole source of food and supplies .
the plague of athens was a devastating epidemic which hit the city-state of athens in ancient greece during the second year of the peloponnesian war -lrb- 430 bc -rrb- , when an athenian victory still seemed within reach .
sean bergenheim -lrb- born february 8 , 1984 in vantaa , finland -rrb- is a professional finnish ice hockey player that currently plays for the tampa bay lightning of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
although famous for hosting the annual rose bowl football game and tournament of roses parade , tim is the home to many scientific and cultural institutions , including the california institute of technology and the pacific asia of widespread arts .
assigned the country calling code +672 , the four bases run by the australian antarctic division can be reached by anywhere in the world .
the first issues came in 1957 , and sometimes takes over a pattern of an annual issue by the 1990s .
it is the largest territory of antarctica claimed by any nation .
the area codes are 10-6 for davis , 11-7 for mawson , 12-8 for casey and 13-9 for macquarie island .
gai yigaal -lrb- born 9 april 1991 -rrb- is a former israeli football player .
it was revealed that its reported financial condition was sustained substantially by institutionalized , systematic , and creatively planned accounting fraud , known as the `` enron scandal '' .
thirty 4-car units were built , formed of two outer driving vehicles vehicles , sandwiching two intermediate trailers which were classified class 186 .
enron corporation -lrb- former charing windmill ene -rrb- was an american energy .
a microtiter plate -lrb- spelled microtitre outside the united states -rrb- or microplate plate , is a flat plate with multiple tubes .
the active worlds client runs on windows .
users iucn themselves a name , log into the active worlds universe , and explore 3d virtual worlds .
aw means that users can own worlds and universes .
users can chat with one another or build structures and areas from a selection of objects .
pokã mon trainers each year as pokã mon trainers , and the two general goals -lrb- in most pokã mon games -rrb- .
pokã mon black and white , often known as pokã mon black and white , is one of the most popular pokã mon .
one of the consistent aspects of the pokã mon gamesâ '' spanning from pokã mon red and blue on the nintendo game boy to the nintendo ds games pokã mon black and whiteâ '' is the choice of one of three different pokã mon at the start of the player 's adventures .
it was determined the seizures were caused by watching an episode of pokã mon `` dennå kaunas porygon '' , -lrb- most commonly translated `` electric soldier porygon '' , season 1 , episode 38 -rrb- ; as a result , this episode has not been aired since .
knocking from the pokã mon trading card game is a trading card game .
this incident is the most common focus of pokã mon-related parodies in other media , and was lampooned by the simpsons episode `` thirty minutes over tokyo '' and the south park episode `` chinpokomon '' , among others .
the game included digital versions cards from the original set of cards and the first two expansions -lrb- jungle and fossil -rrb- ; as well as several cards exclusive to the game .
valeri nepomniachi -lrb- born 7 august , 1943 -rrb- is a former russian football player .
knocking in an attempt to defeat their opponent by `` knocking out '' his or her pokã mon cards .
pokã mon red and blue are the first role-playing game in the world .
he was the director of turin in egypt during the 19th century , and excavated in memphis and dashur , providing many drawings of many egyptian pyramids .
ain is divided into 9 districts , 49 cantons and 501 communes .
in the early part of the american revolution , the first inhabitants settled in the territory of today .
the menhir of simandre-sur-suran dates from this era .
the revolution does not claim many victims in the department , but it loses very important valuable .
the calamine from the ore of the ore of the was used exclusively for the production of brass .
in 1790 , during the french revolution , the departments of ain and lã man are created .
nã lson luã s kerchner -lrb- born 31 december 1962 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
ã trelles-sur-aube is a commune of the aube dã partement in the north-central part of france .
the barnstormers represent all of lancaster county , even though they play in the city of lancaster .
the lancaster barnstormers is an american major league baseball team based in lancaster , pennsylvania .
saint francis catholic church was made and built by catholic immigrants from ireland , but later the parish merged with saint joseph catholic church in argyle , wisconsin and the church was later torn down . only the cemetery remains intact .
he has also worked as a character designer at film roman for family guy and as assistant director for mission hill and king of the hill .
georg stollenwerk -lrb- born 19 december , 1930 -rrb- is a former german football player .
vã harada -lrb- born 15 october 1969 -rrb- is a former portuguese football player .
however , polgar requested a postponement because she was pregnant and also fide had been unable to find a satisfactory .
they had two sons , tom -lrb- born march 6 , 1999 -rrb- and leeam -lrb- born november 22 , 2000 -rrb- , but later divorced .
polgar is also a chess journalist , with columns in chess life , chess life for kids , chesscafe , chess horizons , georgia chess , school mates , europe echecs , etc. , and she publishes a blog with daily updates about chess news and daily chess exercise problems .
she is also a chess writer and promoter and the head of the susan polgar institute for chess excellence at texas tech university .
the pov of the editor-in-chief : \* wikizine is small in the number of staff members and readers : \* wikizine makes no guarantee of validity : \* wikizine considers no guarantee of validity : \* wikizine considers no guarantee of validity : \* wikizine is ugly and proud of it .
this was not her first olympiad : she has a total of ten chess medals -lrb- five gold , four gold , and one bronze -rrb- .
-lrb- nona gaprindashvili was awarded the grandmaster title in 1978 as a result of winning lone pine international 1977 , but she did not make the normally required three general ritual . -rrb-
polgar sued in the court of arbitration for sport in lausanne , switzerland for monetary and the restoration of her title .
overall the team won the silver medal , but polgar won an individual gold medal for achieving the highest performance rating in the women 's event and the highest point total .
in 1994 , polgar married computer consultant jacob shutzman , and moved to new york .
: \* wikizine is short so it does not take long to read it : \* if possible every topic is only a very brief summary with the urls to more information about it : \* technical news is considered the most important news : \* it is hoped that the readers will spread the news that is relevant for their home-wiki to their local community and that they report news back upstream so it can be shared with the rest of the wikimedia community .
in 1942 , gene roddenberry married eileen rexroat .
twenty-seven divorced after his first marriage , roddenberry divorced his first wife and married barrett in japan in a traditional shinto ceremony on august 6 , 1969 and they had one child together , eugene wesley , jr. .
the eastern parts of the gulf of finland belong to russia , and some of russia 's most important oil harbors are located farthest in .
all the towns in finland and the river emit the baltic sea .
as the soap film towns , the surface concentration of soap decreases , which in turn causes the surface tension to increase .
toshiya ishii -lrb- born 2 april 1986 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
microsoft excel is a commercial spreadsheet application written and distributed by microsoft for microsoft windows and mac os x. it features luck , graphing tools , pivot tables and a macro programming language called visual basic for applications .
the current versions are 2010 for windows and 2011 for mac .
excel forms part of microsoft office .
gina `` gina '' mckee -lrb- born april 14 , 1964 -rrb- is an english actor . she is the best known for her roles in our early career in the north of the 1996 -rrb- .
kyohei yamagata -lrb- born 7 september 1981 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
: if you like to show your support for wikizine you can put a banner on your userpage .
this species already possessed dicondylic mandibles -lrb- two bainbridge in the mandible -rrb- , a feature associated with winged insects , suggesting that wings may already have evolved at this time .
the effects of ddt 's use shows how some insecticides can threaten wildlife beyond intended populations of pest insects .
higher atmospheric sources have been due to higher atmospheric oxygen levels that allowed increased respiratory efficiency relative to today .
thus , the first insects probably appeared earlier , in the silurian period .
lyrically insects , or insects which feed on other insects , are beneficial to humans because they eat insects that could cause damage to agriculture and human structures .
some extinct insects had an additional pair of winglets attaching to the first segment of the thorax , for a total of three pairs .
during this time , some giant dragonfly-like forms reached wingspans of 55 t making them far larger than any living insect .
many of the early groups became extinct during the permian-triassic extinction event , the largest mass extinction in the history of the earth , around 252 million years ago .
insectivorous insects , or insects which feed on other insects , are beneficial to humans because they eat insects that could cause damage to agriculture and human structures .
researchers at tufts university uncovered what they believe is the world 's oldest known full-body impression of a primitive flying insect , a 300 million-year-old specimen from the carboniferous period .
many people think that any person with a child subject is considered pornography and illegal .
in some countries , like pornography , pornography showing sex of a human with an animal , is usually regulated .
a townsite developed overnight around the new workings and was named picher in honor of o. s. picher , owner of picher lead company .
org an independent internal news bulletin for the members of the wikimedia community
wingene is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
james `` jimmy '' haggarty -lrb- april 14 , 1914 - march 8 , 1998 -rrb- was a canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 winter olympics .
as of the census of 2000 , there were 18,564 people , 6,921 households , and 4,893 families living in the county .
26.10 % of all households were made up of people living alone and 12.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
jonathan simon -lrb- born 22 january 1980 -rrb- is an english football player . he plays for tottenham hotspur and england national team .
the so-called `` dominickers '' , a number of related mixed-race -lrb- white , black , and euchee indian -rrb- families , lived for decades after the civil war and well into the 20th century in a rural area near ponce de leon , with a separate church and segregated public elementary school .
holmes county has three county seats in land , the first being cerro at once westville .
there were 6,921 households out of which 30.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.60 % were married couples living together , 13.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.30 % were not related .
the per capita income for the county was $ 14,135 .
although considered a separate ethnicity from both whites and blacks , many dominickers married into local white families , so that group boundaries blurred ; some descendants still live in the area .
according to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 488.71 s , of which 482.45 s -lrb- or 98.72 % -rrb- is land and 6.26 s -lrb- or 1.28 % -rrb- is water .
the ecclesbourne valley railway is a small , long heritage railway heritage railway station .
the midland was initially unenthusiastic , but then realized that the branch could be extended to rowsley , albeit with difficulty , avoiding the section from , on its manchester , buxton and midlands , with its rival the london and north western railway .
german historian ernst kornemann has had it in his rã mische geschichte geschichte , 2 vols .
having filled with more than usual success the offices of quaestor and praetor , he obtained the consulship in 120 ; he was next to by the emperor hadrian as one of asia , probably during 134-135 .
kornemann 's brief is that antoninus might have categorise preventive wars to head off these outsiders .
he acquired much favor with the emperor hadrian , who adopted him as his son and successor on 25 february 138 , after the death of his first adopted son lucius perkins , on the condition that antoninus would in turn adopt marcus annius verus , the son of his wife 's brother , and lucius , son of saxe-weimar verus , who afterwards became the emperors marcus aurelius and lucius verus .
after the longest reign since augustus -lrb- surpassing tiberius -rrb- , antoninus died of fever at lorium in etruria , about twelve miles -lrb- 19 km -rrb- from rome , on 7 march 161 , giving the keynote to his life at the night-watch '' `` aequanimitas '' -lrb- equanimity -rrb- .
as a private citizen between 110 and 115 , he married annia galeria faustina the elder .
nevertheless , antoninus was virtually unique among emperors in that he dealt with these crises without leaving italy once during his reign , but instead dealt with provincial matters of war and peace through their governors or through imperial letters to the cities such as ephesus -lrb- of which some were publicly displayed -rrb- .
they are believed to have enjoyed a happy marriage .
a lime kiln is a kiln used to produce quicklime by the calcination of limestone -lrb- calcium carbonate -rrb- .
the javelin throw is a track and field athletics in length .
anglo-saxon charters are seasonal from the medieval medieval period in britain which typically make a coat of land or record a privilege .
the record features the songs `` whatever '' and `` lord do n't slow me down '' which had previously never appeared on an oasis album -lrb- although the latter did appear on the dig out your soul discbox -rrb- .
nanga parbat gp to `` naked mountain '' in english ; parbat deriving from the sanskrit word parvata meaning `` mountain , rock '' , and nanga an urdu word meaning `` naked '' .
the centerpiece angular movements expressed the heart of stravinsky 's radically modern score .
it led diaghilev to create his famous company the ballets russes with choreographer michel fokine and designer lã on bakst .
his ballets were l'apr ã s-midi d'un faune -lrb- the afternoon of a faun , based on claude debussy 's prã lude ã l'apr ã s-midi d'un -rrb- .
he suffered a nervous breakdown in 1919 .
in 1910 , the company 's prima ballerina assoluta mathilde kschessinska selected nijinsky to dance in a revival of marius petipa 's le talisman , during which nijinsky created a sensation in the role of the wind god vayou .
however , it was around this time in his life that signs of his schizophrenia were becoming apparent to members of the company .
they are married in buenos aires .
took him out for a north american tour in 1916 , and took him out for a north american tour in 1916 .
he took this journey , because of a superstitious fear that he would die on the ocean if he ever sailed .
vaslav nijinsky was born in kiev , ukraine . in kiev , ukraine nijinsky was born in wichita , ukraine .
in his vain and managing nijinsky 's career , diaghilev was heavily involved in directing and managing his career .
free from supervision , nijinsky became acquainted with romola de pulszky , a hungarian countess .
when the company returned to europe diaghilev alone .
a turning point for nijinsky was his meeting sergei diaghilev , a celebrated and highly innovative producer of ballet and opera as well as art exhibitions .
he took his first dance lessons at the henry street settlement house , to which commuted by subway from his home in the south bronx to the lower east side almost daily .
five different versions of the album were released , the 2cd version , dvd , the deluxe box set , 5lp box set and the itunes deluxe edition .
fantastic four : rise of the silver surfer is a 2007 superhero film made in 2007 .
the film was released on october 2 , 2007 .
ioan gruffudd as reed richards , jessica alba as sue storm , jessica alba , chris evans , and alicia holland .
the average speed of an object in an interval of time is the distance traveled by the object divided by the duration of the interval .
les loges-saulces is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
the plating -lrb- which means it is the plating -rrb- is a technique of the plant that is made from chromium onto a metal object .
his performances of bach , beethoven , brahms , mozart , haydn , schumann and schumann are also notable .
in 1975 , the lso appointed him for the conductor laureate .
the dvd includes all the music videos from `` supersonic '' to `` falling down '' , and in addition , previous unreleased live video versions of `` gas panic ! ''
marcos paulo souza ribeiro -lrb- born 21 march 1974 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
an oil refinery is a gas plant . it is refined into more useful petroleum products , like fuel , diesel oil and whey oil .
the british rail -lrb- br -rrb- class 488 is a slam-door , alternating current -lrb- ac -rrb- electric multiple unit -lrb- emu -rrb- introduced in 1966 as part of the west coast main line electrification project .
a glass partition behind the driver 's cab enabled passengers in the leading and rear coaches to have an excellent view of the line ahead or behind .
the maximum speed was 75 miles per hour .
they consisted of four carriages - a second class driving trailer , a second class trailer , a second class trailer , a second class trailer , a second class canopy , and a composite -lrb- 1st and 2nd class -rrb- driving trailer .
`` sunday morning call '' is a song on the artwork but appears as a hidden track on disc 2 , track 13 .
unlike the greek oceanus , titan of the world-ocean , neptune was associated with fresh water .
her theories doubted some traditional freudian views , particularly his theory of sexuality , as well as the instinct orientation of psychoanalysis and its genetic psychology .
one of the difficult ones is that the punishment can not be rescued unless there is a confession of the person .
also religious literature means beasts having sharp canine teeth , birds having claws and talons in their feet , jallalah -lrb- animals whose meat carries a stink in it because they feed on filth -rrb- , tamed donkeys .
in accordance with the statement , stoning to death is the penalty for married men and women who commit adultery .
muslim theology equates apostasy to treason , and in most interpretations of sharia , the penalty for morphogenesis is death .
the prohibition of dead meat is not applicable to fish and locusts .
a thermodynamic state is a set of properties of properties of a thermodynamic system that must be specified to reproduce the system .
on april 29 , 2010 , the u.s. congress voted 223 â `` 169 to approve a measure for a federally sanctioned process for puerto rico 's self determination process for puerto rico 's self determination process for puerto rico 's self determination process for puerto rico 's self determination process for puerto rico 's self determination .
puerto rico -lrb- or -rrb- , officially known as commonwealth of puerto rico -lrb- or -rrb- , officially known as the commonwealth of puerto rico -lrb- or -rrb- , is an unincorporated territory of the united states .
kasper peter schmeichel -lrb- born 5 november 1986 -rrb- is a danish football player . he plays for peter schmeichel and denmark national team .
in 2007 , a third party , the puerto rican independence , was confirmed to be ratified .
the axel is a figure skating jump of a united states .
the axel is a figure skating who was named after the norwegian skater axel paulsen .
the jump with half a rotation from forward outside to backward outside is called a waltz jump or a three jump in some countries .
he has yet to accomplished a quadruple axel mark .
brookhaven national laboratory -lrb- bnl -rrb- is a united states national laboratory located in upton , new york on long island , and was formally established in 1947 at the site of camp upton .
frans is a commune .
dante daniel -lrb- danny -rrb- bonaduce -lrb- born august 13 , 1959 in bonaduce , ohio -rrb- is a american professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with wwf\/e and extreme championship wrestling -lrb- ecw -rrb- .
these relays typically have 5 to 36 legs , each between 5 and 10 kilometers -lrb- 3-6 miles -rrb- long .
traditionally , the 4x400 meter relay finals are the last event of a track meet , and is often met with a very enthusiastic crowd , especially if the last leg is a close race .
java embedding plugin -lrb- jep -rrb- which causes java browsers . this means that humans have non safari browsers .
a cheese is made by cooked cooked macaroni with a cheese .
park kang-jo -lrb- born 24 january 1980 -rrb- is a korean football player . he plays for vissel kobe .
zionism does not have a uniform ideology , but has evolved in a dialogue among a plethora of ideologies : general zionism , religious zionism , labor zionism , revisionist , revisionist , etc. .
the red sox won the series four games to three games .
the 2004 american league championship series was the major league baseball playoff series to decide the american league champion for the 2004 season .
the red sox are a baseball team from the boston red sox .
paulo de oliveira -lrb- born 16 july 1982 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
faas -lrb- born 13 october 1923 - died 15 august 2006 -rrb- is a former dutch football player . he has played for netherlands national team .
josã klã berson pereira -lrb- born 19 june 1979 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
in 1981 , israel passed the golan heights law , which applied israeli `` laws , jurisdiction and administration '' to the golan heights .
immediately following the six-day war , israel was willing to give up the golan in exchange for peace with syria ; however , syria refused to negotiate .
the golan heights had been under military administration since 1967 .
kohei nishino -lrb- born 4 september 1976 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for oita trinita .
ishmaelites are the descendants of ishmael , the elder son of abraham .
he was born in 633\/632 bc and his birth name was shallum .
star wars episode i : the phantom menace is an animated movie directed by george lucas and directed by george lucas and published by george lucas in the movie series and directed by george lucas and published by george lucas in the movie series and directed by george lucas and published by george lucas in the movie series and directed by george lucas and published by george lucas in the movie series and was directed by george lucas and published by george lucas and published by george lucas in the movie series and was directed by george lucas and published
lea weingarten fastow -lrb- born december 1961 -rrb- is the wife of former enron executive and convicted felon executive -lrb- ceo -rrb- of go . he is the second former enron executive to go to prison after enron collapsed .
chuck e. cheese is the name of several family 's pizza family .
prior to land reclamation the area of bembridge , and yaverland was almost an island unto itself .
it has potassium and periodate ions in it .
adams had fallen in love with hockey while watching the 1924 stanley cup finals between the nhl , montreal canadiens and the wchl champion calgary tigers .
the name `` almaty '' derives from the kazakh word for ` apple ' -lrb- ð ð '' ð 1\/4 ð -rrb- , and thus is often translated as `` full of apples ; '' alma is also translated as `` full of apples ; '' alma is also ` full ' in other turkic languages .
almaty , also known by its former names verny -lrb- russian : ð ' ð ñ ð 1\/2 ñ ð , `` faithful , '' prior to 1921 -rrb- and septum -lrb- , between 1921 and 1992 -rrb- , is the former capital and still largest city in kazakhstan .
there is great genetic diversity among the wild apples in the region around almaty ; the region is thought to be the ancestral home of the apple , and the wild malus sieversii is considered a likely candidate for the ancestor of the modern domestic apple .
the so-called `` water '' absorption feature around 3 î 1\/4 m , which can be an indication of water content in minerals is also present .
their color contain moderately strong visible absorption at wavelengths below about 0.4 î 1\/4 m to 0.5 î 1\/4 m , while at longer wavelengths they are largely featureless but slightly reddish .
c-type asteroids are carbonate and gas .
this type of asteroid has very similar spectra to carbonate attached .
consequently , whereas a number of s-types can normally be viewed with binoculars at opposition , even the largest c-types require a small telescope .
the potentially brightest normal asteroid is 324 bamberga , but that object 's very high eccentricity means it rarely reaches its maximum magnitude .
the boston bruins are a professional ice hockey team from boston , massachusetts .
hydrated -lrb- water-containing -rrb- minerals are present .
like castro , blur felt that a u.s. invasion of cuba was released , and that to lose cuba would do great harm to the communist cause , especially in latin america .
the movie was directed by steven spielberg and based on the novel schindler 's ark by thomas keneally .
the problem can also be approached in a distributed manner .
its running time is o -lrb- m , î -rrb- , where m is the number of edges , n is the number of vertices and î is the classical functional inverse of the ackermann function .
its purpose was an efficient electrical coverage of moravia .
a maximum spanning tree is a spanning tree with weight greater than or equal to the weight of every other spanning tree .
we can also decorate a weight to each edge , which is a number representing how unfavorable it is , and use this to yarra a weight to a spanning tree by computing the sum of the weights of the edges in that spanning tree .
there may be several minimum spanning trees of the same weight having a minimum number of edges . in particular , if all the edge weights of a given graph are the same , then every spanning tree of that graph is minimum .
there are many minimum spanning trees of the same weight having a minimum number of edges .
ã fehmi ã -- zalan -lrb- born 29 may 1973 -rrb- is a former turkish football player .
it was first described under the name of the new holland cassowary in arthur phillip 's voyage to botany .
the word `` emu '' comes from an arabic word for large bird that was later used by portuguese explorers to describe the related cassowary in australia and new guinea .
emus are farmed for their meat , oil , and leather .
he collaborated on phillip 's book and provided the first descriptions of and names for many australian bird species ; its name is latin for `` fast-footed new hollander '' .
benjamin hall , father of bushranger ben hall , a small farm in a valley near murrurundi in 1839 .
open-site is the following main categories of subcategories .
once common on the east coast , emu are now uncommon , by contrast , the development of agriculture and the provision of water for stock in the interior .
in victoria , some terms for the emu were barrimal in the dja dja wurrung language , myoure in gunai , and courn in jardwadjali .
the emu -lrb- dromaius novaehollandiae -rrb- is the largest bird native to australia and the only extant member of the genus dromaius .
inkscape is cross-platform and runs on mac os x , unix-like operating systems , and microsoft windows .
the rapid city rush is an ice hockey team in the central hockey league .
staples center is a multi-use -lrb- sports arena in downtown los angeles , california -rrb- .
the arena is home to the los angeles auditorium and the los angeles clippers of the national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- .
the term covers a variety of boats , larger than small vessels such as sailboards and smaller than sailing ships . but distinctions in the size are not strictly defined and what constitutes a sailing -lrb- such as a sailboard -rrb- varies by region and culture .
a sailboat or sailing boat is a boat propelled partly or entirely by sails .
the character , created by michael dante dimartino and bryan konietzko , is voiced by dante angle-iron dimartino and bryan konietzko .
halifax city of halifax county was the capital of nova scotia .
koichi kawai -lrb- born 29 march 1979 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
her mother , amber , is a dinner lady and her father , roy , is a window fitter ; they separated when she was thirteen .
keeley rebecca m. hazell -lrb- born 18 september 1986 -rrb- is a former english author and television personality .
the songs were recorded live at the hit factory , new york , in a live ep by californian band maroon 5 .
seikima-ii is a heavy metal band from japan .
generally , it is used in animations made with adobe flash .
gary bruce bettman -lrb- born june 2 , 1952 in calgary , alberta -rrb- is a retired american commissioner .
naoji ito -lrb- born 1 july 1959 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
marcelo daniel gallardo -lrb- born 18 january 1976 -rrb- is an argentine football player .
zonnebeke is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
cookies were made by a group of cookies .
it can be used by a web server .
most modern browsers allow users to accept cookies and the time of time frame to keep them .
cookies are part of the data chosen by the web server and sent to the browser .
as an oversighter you can still -lrb- $ 1 view this revision -rrb- if you wish to proceed .
this page revision has been suppressed from the public archives and from administrator view .
there may be details in the -lrb- suppression log -rrb- .
in 18th century france the fanfare was a movement with energy and repeating of notes , and fanfares of the modern description date from the 19th century , when they were composed for british coronations -lrb- such as hubert parry 's i was glad for edward vii -rrb- and other important times .
fanfares are popular as theme music for television and radio news programs .
saint-mars-sur-colmont is a commune of 489 people -lrb- 2007 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
-lrb- for further information on alderney concentration camps , see appendix f : concentration camps : endlã sung â `` the final solution ; alderney , a nazi concentration camp on an island anglo-norman ; for further information on nazi treatment of jews and other people , see -rrb- .
over 700 people died in the alderney concentration camps -lrb- out of a total inmate population of about 6,000 -rrb- .
lager borkum was located near the center of alderney and was the smallest of the four camps .
however , he did not stand trial , and is believed to have lived near hamburg until his death in the 1980s .
it was used by the nazi organisation todt , a forced labor program , to build bunkers , gun emplacements , air-raid shelters , and concrete fortifications .
lager borkum was a nazi concentration camp on alderney , in the channel islands , named after the east frisian island of borkum .
it was organised by the schutzstaffel - ss-baubrigade i -- which was first under supervision of the sachsenhausen concentration camp ; and since mid-february 1943 ran under the neuengamme camp in northern germany .
sylt camp held jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp .
norderney camp housed european -lrb- usually eastern but including spaniard -rrb- and russian enforced labourers .
these were the only nazi concentration camps on british soil .
the germans built four concentration camps on the island , subcamps of the neuengamme concentration camp -lrb- located in hamburg , germany -rrb- .
the borkum and helgoland camps were `` volunteer '' -lrb- hilfswillige -rrb- labor camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the sylt and norderney camps .
its members are known by various names , including thunbergias ; clockvine on its own usually refers to thunbergia grandiflora , while thunbergia alata is often known as black-eyed cousteau -lrb- not to be confused with other flowers called black-eyed susan -rrb- .
in that image , mary too was shown pointing to her immaculate heart , saying she love for the human race and for her son , jesus christ .
orange clockvine is a city of illinois in the united states .
the generic name honors carl peter thunberg .
aside from this , cameron has been worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture films .
pã re eudes was the apostle of the heart of mary . in his devotion to the immaculate heart there was a share for the heart of jesus .
he became famous in 1985 after being cast as mike seaver in the abc television sitcom growing pains .
cameron began acting at the age of nine . his first job was in an advertisement for a breakfast cereal .
cameron was founded by david cameron and commanded the firefly .
after converting to christianity , he began to insist that story lines be stripped of anything he thought too adult or racy in growing pain .
cameron and his wife , fellow `` growing pains '' , were married on july 21 , 1991 .
it was moderated by abc 's martin subsidies and parts of it were aired on nightline .
together they founded the ministry of the way of the master , which is best known for the television show of the same name that cameron co-hosts , and which won the national religious broadcastersâ best program award for two years .
cameron was an atheist , but when kirk was 17 , during the height of his career on growing pain , he developed a belief in god , and became a born-again christian .
his parents are robert cameron , who invented school teacher , and barbara bausmith , a stay-at-home mom .
from the time of john the evangelist and paul of tarsus there has always been in the church something like devotion to the love of god . but there is nothing to indicate that , during the first ten centuries of christianity , they were rendered to the wounded heart of christianity .
cameron 's wife noble also starred in the film series , playing hattie durham .
cameron starred in a television reunion film , though a decade after growing weaker ended , he starred in a television reunion film , the growing weaker movie , in 2000 , and another one , growing pain : return of the seavers , in 2004 .
the company also featured a radio show known as the way of the master radio with talk show host todd friel .
his first role was at age 10 , in the television series two marriages .
he was also in a 60-second pepsi commercial during super bowl xxiv .
he went to school on the set of growing pain , as opposed to a normal school .
kirk thomas cameron -lrb- born october 12 , 1970 -rrb- is an american actor and actor . he is most famous as a child actor .
the congregation . of france founded the congregation of the sacred hearts of jesus and mary on december 24 , 1800 .
when the given weaker ended in 1992 , cameron went on to star in the wb sitcom kirk which was released in 1995 .
a decade later , cameron agreed to appear in the growing pain movie , where the entire main cast reunited with one another .
his next theatrical film , 1989 's listen to me , performed poorly at the box office .
the roman catholic acts of consecration was reparation and devotion were introduced when the feast of the sacred heart was declared .
dario hã 1\/4 bner -lrb- born 28 april 1967 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
david cerrajerã a -lrb- born 4 june 1983 -rrb- is a spanish football player .
his works are generally dedicated to the earliest history of the armenian people , to the comparative linguistic analysis of ancient languages , and to printing .
st. gertrude is the fervent of the benedictine .
music has long played an integral role in rastafari , and the connection between the movement and various kinds of music has become well known , due to the international fame of reggae musicians such as bob marley and peter tosh .
in the absence of parentheses , certain precedence rules determine the order of operations .
his brother and sister became a violinist , respectively .
jon brion -lrb- born december 11 , 1963 -rrb- is an american songwriter and singer .
fogolin was re-acquired by the sabres near the end of the 1986 â `` 87 season , and retired after finishing the season with them .
lee joseph fogolin -lrb- born february 7 , 1955 in chicago , illinois -rrb- , is a retired american professional ice hockey player .
while a solid precursor in his own right , he was overshadowed by many of the young stars on the oilers ' roster , most notably scoring superstar wayne gretzky .
fogolin played seven full seasons with edmonton , and was named as captain for the 1981 â `` 82 season .
he would be the first of four captains to lead the oilers and the stanley cup finals , in 1983 , where they lost to the new york islanders .
his son , michael fogolin , played for the prince george cougars in the whl and died in his sleep on may 26 , 2004 of a possible heart condition .
he played for the buffalo sabres and the edmonton oilers , appearing in 924 nhl regular season games between 1974 and 1987 , winning the stanley cup in 1984 and 1985 .
fogolin also played in the 1986 national hockey league all-star game .
he was drafted out of the first round , 11th overall , of the 1974 nhl entry draft by the buffalo sabres .
he split the next pro season to the 1974 â `` 75 .
as of 2007 , the sun had a monday through saturday circulation of about 180,000 papers .
the toronto sun is a english-language newspaper published in toronto , ontario , canada .
john dawson -lrb- born february 23 , 1944 -rrb- is an american blues guitarist and producer .
keisuke kurihara -lrb- born 16 september 1942 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the history of salland goes back to the early middle ages , when the four quarters of oversticht -lrb- salland , twente , land van vollenhove and drenthe -rrb- were acquired by the prince-bishopric of 1853 .
the salland tourism board describes salland as the land in between the river ijssel and the hills , and agrees thus on a much smaller salland than the historical dominion of that name .
in his papal bull auctorem fidei , pope pius vi praised devotion to the sacred heart .
an adam 's apple or laryngeal prominence is a protrusion in the front of the throat .
early chansons tended to be in one of the formes fixes -- ballade , rondeau or virelai -lrb- formerly the chanson baladã e -rrb- -- though some composers later set popular poetry in a variety of forms .
galt is a city of iowa in the united states .
modified also also take part in races , including the paris-dakar rally , the baja racing series , trec events , king of the hammers in california and the australian outback .
early suvs were descendants from commercial and military vehicles such as the world war ii jeep and land rover .
the practice of the enthronement is based upon pope pius xii 's declaration that devotion to the sacred of jesus is `` the foundation on which to build the kingdom of god in the hearts of individuals , families , and nations ... '' .
national mall is a national park in downtown washington , d.c. .
the national mall 's status as a wide , open grassy at the heart of the capital makes it an attractive site for protests and rallies of all types .
in 1963 , a political rally for african american civil rights and freedom , a political rally for african american civil rights , at which martin luther king , jr. gave his famous `` i have a dream '' speech .
byzantium , also called amun , reconstructed egyptian yamä -lrb- also spelled `` guido '' -rrb- , which is not related to greek and greek .
mount agung or gunung agung is a mountain in bali , indonesia .
the master system was made from 1985 to japan by sega .
little by little , the devotion to the sacred heart became a separate one , and on august 31 , 1670 , the first feast of the sacred heart was celebrated in the grand seminary of rennes .
the beijing olympic committee -lrb- fuwa -rrb- were the five fuwa , each representing both a color of the olympic rings and a symbol of chinese culture .
quincy -lrb- born 15 april 1986 -rrb- is a spanish football player .
the american hockey association was a minor professional hockey league that operated between 1926 and 1942 .
`` demon internet is a british internet service provider . ''
sacred heart is still a widely used name for many roman catholic institutions , including schools , colleges , and hospitals in many countries around the world .
articles related to domestic cats .
victor married dorothy newton in 1922 , a few days after winning the world ballroom dancing championship with phyllis clark .
it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendã e department in the west of france .
sodium to make ammonia and sodium hydroxide is made by reacting ammonia with sodium to make ammonia and sodium hydroxide .
kerosene shale was mined at mount temi , some 11.25 km to the north of murrurundi from 1886 , but lay not for many years .
roman catholicism is the most common church services .
zinc phosphate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is coating .
amd have announced that it will retire the `` ati '' name and instead brand its graphics chipsets as `` amd '' beginning in late 2010 .
gaudiemprã is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
when ignited , preheated thermite can burn almost instantaneously , releasing light and heat energy at a much higher rate than normal and causing burns and eye damage at what would normally be a reasonably safe distance .
aluminium can be used to make aluminium .
the reaction is used for thermite welding , often used to join rail tracks .
when oxygen -lrb- iii -rrb- oxide ii -lrb- iii -rrb- oxide , also known as chromium oxide , is a chemical compound .
some fuels are used include aluminium , magnesium , calcium , titanium , zinc , silicon , titanium and others .
other oxides are occasionally used , such as mno2 .
other metal oxides can be used , such as chromium oxide , to generate a metal .
however , the rockets have advanced past the first round of the playoffs only once since he joined the team .
yao ming -lrb- born september 12 , 1980 -rrb- is a professional basketball player who currently plays for the houston rockets .
as a teenager , who were born in shanghai , started playing for the shanghai sharks as a teenager .
his rookie year in the nba was the subject of a documentary film , the year of the yao , and he co-wrote , along with nba analyst ric bucher , an autobiography titled yao : a life in two worlds .
the current title was . from the houston rockets .
the devotion spread , particularly in religious communities .
yao is the only child of 6 ft 7 in -lrb- 2.01 m -rrb- yao zhiyuan .
it has the symbol cm . it has the atomic number 96 .
therefore is the most common curium in the earth .
zedoary is a main form of this element .
despite being classed as a new town , irvine has had a long history stretching back many centuries and was classed as a royal burgh .
there are also conflicting rumors that mary , queen of scots , was briefly involved in the town 's history .
it was everywhere practiced by individuals and by different religious congregations , such as the franciscans , dominicans , carthusians , etc. .
the town is saint-amand-les-eaux in northern france just outside lille .
some say she stayed briefly at seagate castle .
the town was once a life of robert burns , after whom two streets in the town are named : burns street and burns crescent .
it is the sequel to the game boy advance game console .
alexander gottfried friedrich gode-von-aesch or simply alexander gode -lrb- october 30 , 1906 in mt. kisco , new york -rrb- is a german-american linguist , translator and the driving force behind the creation of the auxiliary language interlingua .
the mirror images reflect an eternal binding of the two hearts .
in some cultures , mirrors have been said to be unable to walk on merger , such as those of churches , or temples running water .
garlic is a common example of wild rose and uses , and is called garlic mustard seeds .
banknotes are made from the polymer biaxially-oriented polypropylene -lrb- bopp -rrb- .
the polymer banknotes were developed by the reserve bank of australia . it was the university of melbourne and the university of melbourne and were first issued as currency in australia in 1988 .
she has been married to betty kern .
shaw had long suffered from adult onset diabetes and died of problems of the disease at age 94 .
shaw himself guest conducted from time to time , ending his that retirement .
it is also the name of many roman catholic parishes , religious orders , and stores selling roman catholic goods .
the barcelona metro -lrb- catalan : spanish : metro de barcelona -rrb- is an large network of electrified railways that run underground in central barcelona and above ground into the city 's suburbs .
lost was the recipient of hundreds of us award nominations throughout its run , and won numerous industry awards , including the emmy award for us primetime outstanding drama series in 2005 , best american import at the british academy television awards in 2005 , the hollywood foreign press association golden globe award for best drama in a drama series .
their survival is immediately threatened by a number of mysterious entities , including polar bears , an unseen creature that roams the jungle -lrb- the `` monster '' -rrb- , and the island 's malevolent , and largely unseen , inhabitants , known as `` the others '' , occurring throughout the whole first season .
the feast of the sacred heart is a solemnity in the roman catholic liturgical calendar , and is celebrated 19 days after pentecost .
the first season got an average of 15.69 million us viewers per episode on abc .
they also encounter a french woman named danielle rousseau who was shipwrecked on the island just over 16 years earlier , and they find a mysterious metal hatch buried in the ground .
in the third season , the crash survivors learn more about the others and their long history on the mysterious island .
a war between the others and the survivors make contact with a rescue team aboard the freighter kahana .
washington metro billionaire station is also located at the pentagon , on the blue and yellow lines .
john charles layfield -lrb- born november 29 , 1966 in fort charles layfield , washington -rrb- is a retired american professional wrestler and a current commentator\/host for mixed martial arts promotion vyper fight league .
layfield is probably the best known by his ring names , bradshaw , john `` bradshaw '' layfield or jbl while working for wwe , where he was the longest reigning wwe champion in smackdown history with a reign lasting 280 days .
it is in the eleventh and twelfth centuries which of devotion to the sacred heart are found .
clarence clyde is a football club which plays in netherlands .
in british history , the protectorate was the period 1653 â `` 1659 during which the commonwealth of england was governed by a lord protector .
although the replacement , the barebones parliament -lrb- julyâ `` december 1653 -rrb- , was nominated by cromwell and the leaders of the army were very popular .
after a chaotic short revival of the commonwealth of england , the monarchy was restored in may 1660 , largely through the initiative of general george monck .
the rump parliament had been forced to go into the dead army by oliver cromwell .
joã # o ferreira -lrb- soccer -rrb- is a brazilian football -lrb- soccer -rrb- left back who played in the 1950 fifa world cup .
the marseilles plague , cybernetic , mantis perhaps the first occasion for a solemn consecration and public worship outside of religious communities .
the loss of the 2004 â `` 05 season made the nhl the first north american professional sports league to lose an entire season because of a labor dispute .
it was also the first time the stanley cup was not awarded since 1919 when a spanish flu canceled the championship .
the 2004 â `` 05 nhl season would have been the 88th regular season of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
there is nothing to indicate that she had known the devotion prior to the revelations , or at least that she had paid any attention to it .
kahuta tehsil is one of the seven tehsils -lrb- subdivisions -rrb- of rawalpindi district in the punjab province of pakistan .
eintracht frankfurt is a former football club which has played in germany .
british rail 's third design of standard carriage was designated ` mark 3 ' -lrb- also described as mark iii -rrb- , and was developed primarily for the intercity 125 high speed train -lrb- hst -rrb- .
the arterial body of the human body is divided into systemic arteries , carrying blood from the heart to the body .
arteries carry blood away from the heart .
arteries are blood vessels that carry blood away from the heart .
the sacred heart mainly consists of several hymns , the salutation of the sacred heart , and the litany of the sacred heart .
another unit was converted into departmental service , and survived in br ownership until the early 1980s .
the national stock exchange -lrb- nse -rrb- is a stock exchange in mumbai .
nse is mutually-owned by a set of leading financial institutions , banks , insurance companies and other financial intermediaries in india but its ownership and management operate as separate ultra .
as of 2006 , the nse vsat frontage , 2799 in total , cover more than 1500 cities across india .
nse commenced operations in the destruction debt market -lrb- wdm -rrb- segment in june 1994 .
branches of the nse are located throughout india .
in april 1993 , it was recognized as a stock exchange under the securities contracts -lrb- regulation -rrb- act , 1956 .
in his letter to father kolvenbach , pope benedict xvi reaffirmed the importance of the devotion to the sacred heart of jesus .
the national stock exchange of india was promoted by leading financial institutions at the request of the government of india , and was incorporated in november 1992 as a tax-paying company .
nse also conducts online examination and awards certification , under its programs of nse 's certification in financial markets -lrb- ncfm -rrb- .
the capital market -lrb- equities -rrb- segment of the nse commenced operations in november 1994 , while operations in the derivatives segment started in june 2000 .
it was started as a devotion with prayers already made and special exercises , found in the writings of lanspergius -lrb- d. 1539 -rrb- .
muchmusic is dedicated to music , music-related programs , pop and youth culture .
muchmusic is a canadian english language cable television specialty channel owned by bell media .
william iii -lrb- willem alexander paul frederik lodewijk , brutish : william alexander paul frederik -rrb- , was from 1849 king of the netherlands and grand duke of luxembourg until his death .
mito nishino -lrb- born 9 may 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
dario dainelli -lrb- born 12 november 1975 -rrb- is a former croatian football player .
arno van zwam -lrb- born 16 september , 1969 -rrb- is a former dutch football player .
huby-saint-leu is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
it is the principle male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid .
since 1850 , groups , congregations , and states have made many themselves to the sacred heart .
testosterone is a steroid that is hormone hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals , reptiles , birds , and other vertebrates .
kid rock was involved in the halftime show controversy at super bowl xxxviii in houston , texas on february 1 , 2004 .
the discovery of primitive , dinosaur-like ornithodirans such as marasuchus and lagerpeton in argentinian middle triassic strata visit this view ; analysis of recovered fossils suggests that these animals were indeed small , bipedal predators .
dinosaurs diverged from their archosaur ancestors about 230 million years ago during the middle to late triassic period , roughly 20 million years after the permianâ `` triassic extinction event wiped out an estimated 95 % of all life on earth .
paleontologists believe eoraptor resembles the common ancestor of all dinosaurs ; if this is true , its traits suggest that the first dinosaurs were small , bipedal predators .
dinosaurs are a diverse group of animals that were the dominant terrestrial vertebrates for over 160 million years , from the late triassic million years ago -rrb- until the end of the cretaceous -lrb- about 65 million years ago -rrb- until the end of the cretaceous -lrb- about 65 million years ago -rrb- .
oregano is a somewhat cold-sensitive perennial herb or undershrub .
in some middle-eastern countries , oregano is synonymous with fluids that the names sweet , which are different from other plants of the genus origanum .
oregano is also called wild hibiscus .
the image of the sacred heart of jesus was everywhere in evidence . the franciscan devotion is a devotion .
erpe-mere is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
the optical printer is used to use special effects for motion pictures , or for copying and restoring old film material .
a common optical effects include fade , and , slow motion , fast motion , and matte work .
more complicated work can involve dozens of elements , all combined into a single scene .
it allows filmmakers to re-photograph one or more strips of film .
an optical printer is a device just like one or more film projectors mechanically linked to a movie camera .
the feast soon spread to other dioceses , and the devotion was likewise adopted in various religious communities .
with the death of the last surviving knight , the maharaja of dhrangadhra , the order became not in 2010 .
the fictional characters purun dass -lrb- invented by rudyard kipling -rrb- and harry paget flashman -lrb- invented by george macdonald fraser -rrb- , among others held a kcie ; kipling 's engineer findlayson in the day 's work -lrb- 1908 -rrb- .
today , there are no living members of the order .
filipoviä became chief guard of jasenovac concentration camp where he was nicknamed `` fra sotona '' , and he was given this nickname by croats themselves .
the axis powers invaded yugoslavia on 6 april 1941 .
this issue is the theme of a recent class action suit against the vatican bank and others .
meanwhile , paveliä and several hundred ustaå e left their camps in italy for zagreb , where paveliä declared new government on 16 april 1941 .
serbs , jews , roma and croatian anti-fascists , including communist croats and dissident croat byzantine catholic priests , were interned in concentration camps , the largest of which was the jasenovac complex , where many were killed by ustaå e militia .
the first group of camps was formed in the spring of 1941 .
a few days after the `` great contenders '' , margaret mary reported everything she saw to father de la colombiã re , and he , acknowledging the vision as an action of the spirit of god , took himself to the sacred heart and directed her to write an account of the apparition .
during world war ii , various german military commanders gave different figures for the number of serbs , jews and others killed on the territory of the independent state of croatia .
he and hector and kvaternik were king in italy from october 1934 until the end of march 1936 .
the movement ended with the defeat of the independent state of croatia , the movement stopped to exist .
hitler tried to insist that mussolini should have his forces work with the ustaå e , but senior italian commanders such as general mario roatta ignored such orders .
the hss was banned on 11 june 1941 , in an attempt by the ustaå e to take their place as the primary representative of the croatian peasantry .
ustaå e activities in villages across the dinaric alps led to the italians and the germans expressing disquiet .
the leader of the croatian peasant party -lrb- hss -rrb- was the leader of the croatian peasant party -lrb- hss -rrb- which was the most influential party in croatia at the time , rejected german offers to lead the new government .
religious imagery showing the sacred heart is frequently featured in roman catholic , and sometimes anglican men .
vjekoslav `` maks '' luburiä , one of the chiefs of the secret police , started building concentration camps in the summer of the same year .
the history textbooks in the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia cited 700,000 as the total number of victims at jasenovac .
a blessed image of the sacred heart , either a statue or a picture , is then `` enthroned '' in the home to serve as a constant reminder to those who live in the house of their client to the sacred heart .
the most installed -lrb- ava drå 3\/4 ava -rrb- , ndh kvaternik , took control of the police in zagreb and in a radio broadcast that day proclaimed the formation of the independent state of croatia -lrb- nezavisna drå 3\/4 ava hrvatska , ndh -rrb- .
these were the independent state of croatia , only around 20 % survived the war .
in october 1946 the american intelligence agency ssu alleged that these funds are still held in the vatican bank .
vjekoslav vranä iä founded a reformed croatian movement , and was its leader .
blagoje jovoviä , a montenegrin serb chetnik shot ante paveliä , on april 9 , 1957 , in april injuries from which he died .
on may 15 , 2006 , pope benedict xvi sent a letter to father peter hans kolvenbach , the superior general of the society of jesus , on the 50th anniversary of the encyclical haurietis aquas , about the sacred heart , by pope pius xii .
the first two camps , krapje and broä ica , were closed in november 1941 .
the nuncio was briefed on the efforts of religious conversions to roman catholicism .
for the duration of the war , the vatican kept up full diplomatic relations with the ustaå a state -lrb- granting paveliä an audience -rrb- , with its papal nuncio in the capital zagreb .
the ustaå regime had sent large amounts of gold that it had plundered from serbian and jewish property owners during world war ii into swiss bank accounts .
archbishop stepinac also said this on 28 march 1941 , noting yugoslavia 's early attempts to unite croatians and serbs : `` all in all , croats and serbs are of two worlds , northpole and southpole , never will they be able to get together unless by a miracle of god .
the three newer camps continued to function until the end of the war :
the current administration of the museum has further expanded the list to include a bit over 80,000 names .
the prayer `` o sacred heart of jesus , i place all my trust in thee '' is often used .
by the end of 1942 , the news about events at jasenovac and elsewhere had also spread among the croatian population .
during the 1961 trial of adolf eichmann , alexander arnon -lrb- secretary of the jewish community in zagreb -rrb- galway about the treatment of jews in yugoslavia and the war .
vladko maä ek was sent to jasenovac concentration camp , but later released to serve a house arrest sentence due to his popularity among the people .
these six camps were closed by october 1942 .
sometimes images display under the list of family members , indicating that the entire family is entrusted to the protection of jesus in the sacred heart , from whom blessings on the home and the family members are desired .
de facto control over this territory varied for the majority of the war , as the partisans grew more successful , while the germans and italians increasingly had direct control over areas of interest .
by his work on the croatian state fragmented the surviving ustaå e. ante was founded the croatian liberation movement which drew several of the former state 's leaders .
as german forces withdrew from yugoslavia in 1945 , the ustaå e mostly left the country , part of them remained in sfr yugoslavia as resistance group known as crusaders and large number of them was killed without trial by yugoslav forces -lrb- the partisans -rrb- after the end of war .
in 1943 , the germans suffered major losses on the eastern front and the italians signed an armistice with the allies leaving behind significant armaments that the partisans used against the partisans e. fighting continued for a short while after the formal surrender of german army group e on 9 may 1945 , as axis forces and many refugees to escape to austria .
usually these will be longer than cg capsule reviews .
outside of the visitandines , priests , religious , and laymen espoused the devotion , particularly the capuchins , margaret mary 's two brothers , and some jesuits .
artist = uses the numeric id of the `` get_artist '' query page from robertchristgau.com .
the webmaster for robertchristgau.com advises that accessing pages by name `` can run into some confusion -lrb- not many -rrb- and is slower . ''
any of the following parameters can be used : album , artist , name , cgurl .
the enthronement of the sacred heart is a roman catholic ceremony in which a priest or head of a household consecrates the members of the household to the sacred heart .
on this article , the last version of this review -lrb- as used in artist listing on robertchristgau.com -rrb- ; do not use an early version from the consumer guide column unless it is the only published version -lrb- highly unlikely -rrb- .
two parameters are required : a rating , and an external consumer guide link as a citation for that rating .
album -- uses the numeric id of the `` get_album '' query page from robertchristgau.com .
this provides a url for consumer guide gaol review as a citation for the rating .
they gave their name to the kofun period -lrb- middle 3rd century - early-middle 6th century -rrb- .
ryuji nagata -lrb- born 28 march 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the most rapid source for the devotion to the sacred heart in the form it is known today was visitandine saint margaret mary alacoque -lrb- 1647 â `` 1690 -rrb- , who claimed to have received visions of jesus christ .
following the fall of germany , soviet troops occupied all of the country and through their influence hungary gradually became a communist satellite state of the soviet union .
they play in football league one .
brighton & hove albion football club is an english football club based in brighton & hove , sussex .
for many years brighton and hove albion were based at the goldstone ground in hove , until the board of directors decided to sell the stadium .
yulia orbits neptune at a distance of about 21,000 million km and is about 44 kilometers in diameter -lrb- assuming an albedo of 0.04 -rrb- .
yulia xi is named after the outer .
ramon harewood -lrb- born february 3 , 1987 in st. michael , grenada -rrb- is an end at the end of the baltimore ravens .
he was drafted with the 149th round of the 2010 nfl draft by the 2010 nfl draft .
l samy -lrb- born 9 august 1977 -rrb- is a french football player . he plays for werder bremen and france national team .
tetsuya totsuka -lrb- born 24 april 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
gandalf tricks bilbo into hosting a party for thorin and his band of twelve dwarves , who sing of reclaiming the lonely mountain and its vast treasure from the dragon smaug .
the expedition travel to the mountain and find the secret door ; bilbo scouts of the dragon 's lair , stealing a great cup and learning of a weakness in smaug 's armor .
for example , gollum 's bind are taken from old historical sources , while those of bilbo come from modern nursery books , while those of bilbo come from modern nursery books for the content of the riddles themselves .
by order of leo xiii , in his encyclical year old sacrum annum m -lrb- may 25 , 1899 -rrb- , as well as on june 11 , 1899 , as well as on june 11 , 1899 .
the university of wyoming is a land located in laramie , wyoming .
the word `` poltergeist '' comes from the german words poltern -lrb- to make noise ; -rrb- and geist -lrb- `` spirit '' -rrb- , and the term itself literally means `` noisy ghost '' .
both the name and idea of the poltergeist became famous to modern audiences from 1982 until the poltergeist movies , where poltergeist activity in a family home was caused by actual ghosts attracted to the youngest daughter .
his work includes the movies of lords -lrb- better known in the usa under the usa under its title masters of the congo jungle in the usa under its title masters of the congo jungle -lrb- 1959 -rrb- , the english version narrated -lrb- 1962 -rrb- , vanishing wilderness , and the mystery of animal behavior .
the traditional term yellow pages is now also applied to online forms of businesses .
yellow pages refers to a telephone directory of businesses , categorized according to the product or service provided .
ghazi tehsil is an administrative subdivision -lrb- tehsil -rrb- of haripur district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
ichizo nakata -lrb- born 19 april 1973 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
engelbert kraus -lrb- born 30 july , 1934 -rrb- is a former german football player .
queen latifah 's work in music , film and television has earned her a golden globe award , two screen actors guild awards , two image awards , a grammy award nomination and an academy award nomination .
nothing of a general movement had been inaugurated , except for similarities found in the devotion to the five wounds by the franciscans , in which the wound in jesus 's heart shanks most prominently .
sami abdullah -lrb- born december 11 , 1972 in abdullah , wales , england -rrb- is a former italian football player . he has played for al-hilal and ecuador national team .
the mercalli intensity scale is a scale used for measuring the intensity of an earthquake .
it borders -lrb- clockwise from the north -rrb- on the netherlands and in belgium on the provinces of antwerp , flemish brabant -lrb- both in flanders -rrb- , of hainaut -lrb- wallonia -rrb- and of west flanders -lrb- flanders -rrb- .
margaret mary reported feeling `` dreadful confusion '' over the book 's contents , but resolved to make the best of it , approving of the book for the spreading of her cherished devotion .
east flanders -lrb- dutch : , , -rrb- -rrb- is a province of flanders .
it is located at the city of griffith park , elysian park , eugene debs park , and forest lawn .
roughly , elysian valley borders atwater village on the north-west , balkan park on the southeast and south , silver lake on the southeast and cypress park on the north-east .
each account is followed by a brief statement describing how close each person was to the center of the blast .
red-necked wallabies are found in coastal scrub and sclerophyll forest , from rockhampton , queensland to the south australian border .
in spite of all sorts of obstacles , and of the slowness of the holy see , which in 1693 opposed to the confraternities of the sacred heart and , in 1697 , granted the feast to the visitandines of the sacred with the mass of the five wounds , but refused a feast common to all , with special mass and office .
red-necked wallabies are distinguished by their black nose and paws , white stripe on the upper lip , and grizzled medium gray coat with a reddish wash across the shoulders .
the red-necked wallaby -lrb- macropus rufogriseus -rrb- is a medium-sized marsupial that can be found in the more temperate and fertile parts of eastern australia .
in 1969 he made his conducting performances .
from 1988 to 1995 , he was principal conductor of the london symphony orchestra , and since 1995 has held the title of main guest conductor with the lso .
it slowly came into contact with the devotion begun at paray . resulting in a fusion of the two .
koji gyotoku -lrb- born 28 january 1965 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
mohamed abdelwahab -lrb- born 1 october 1983 - died 31 august 2006 -rrb- is a former egyptian football player .
it is used for creating , deleting , resizing , moving , and checking partitions , and the file systems on them .
this is useful for creating space for new operating systems -lrb- works with vista \/ windows 7 system & data partitions -rrb- , reorganizing disk usage , copying data living on hard disks and like one partition with another -lrb- disk imaging -rrb- .
the most notable storm was hurricane iniki , which caused billions of dollars of damage to the hawaiian islands .
hurricane darby made landfall in the atlantic ocean : making landfall in mexico , without making landfall .
also of note are hurricane ekeka and tropical storm hali , which formed in late january and late march , respectively .
in 1726 it was deemed advisable once more to importune rome for a feast with a mass and office of its own , but , in 1729 , rome again refused .
the 1992 pacific hurricane season was the most active pacific hurricane season .
in march 1995 , after the split of claudio sanchez , the movie called toxic parents , they formed a band with nate .
the band had stever on vocals and guitar , sanchez on guitar , kelley on drums .
the group was short-lived , breaking up by june 1995 after an argument over gas money .
the bloody mary is a ghost featured in western folklore .
this journal , including the account and an offering '' to the sacred heart , in which the devotion was well explained , was published at lyons in 1684 .
mnemonically ` template link expanded ' .
the tissue tissue only through a drainage system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum .
the two uniformed cavernosa lie along the penis shaft , from the pubic bones to the head of the penis .
corpus cavernosum is one of a pair of sponge-like regions of erectile tissue .
the penis becomes rigid as a result .
the expanding ngc tissue presses against a surrounding dense tissue , which veins blood from leaving .
this category is for articles and events specifically related to the 7th century , which began in the year 601 and ended in the year 700 .
these coins can be known as a coins for coins , which are encased in a long way .
philosophy of mind is a branch of modern analytic philosophy that studies the nature of the mind , mental events , mental , and mental properties .
the mind-body problem , i.e. the relationship of the mind to the body , is commonly seen as the central issue in philosophy of mind , although there are other issues concerning the nature of the mind that do not involve its relation to the physical body .
someone 's desire for a slice of pizza , for example , will tend to cause that person to move his or her body in a specific manner and in a specific direction to obtain what he or she wants .
the problem problem concerns the explanation of the relationship that exists between minds , or mental processes , and bodily states or processes .
the question , then , is how it can be possible for conscious experiences to arise out of a lump of gray matter endowed with nothing but electrochemical properties .
a related problem is to explain how someone 's propositional attitudes -lrb- e.g. beliefs and desires -rrb- can cause that individual 's neurons to fire and his muscles to contract in exactly the correct manner .
human perceptual experiences depend on stimuli which arrive at one 's various sensory organs from the external world and these stimuli cause changes in one 's mental state , ultimately causing one to feel a sensation , which may be pleasant or unpleasant .
in hamilton , hamilton worked out the nation 's early financial system , and for several years was a major presence in washington 's administration as well .
it was established by an act of congress in 1789 to manage government revenue .
american physician and humanitarian worked a refrigerator in 1844 with the purpose of cooling air .
one day in 1928 , while walking through some woods collecting sap for maple syrup , copeman noticed that slush and ice flaked off his rubber boots based on their rubber to them .
some novelty trays produce blocks of ice in seasonal , festive or other shapes .
the first rubber ice cube tray was invented by lloyd groff of copeman .
the first flexible stainless steel , windsor ice cube tray was made by guy l. tinkham in 1933 .
red cubes are also made commercially as a mixed ice .
leo xiii called `` the great act '' of his pontificate -lrb- portugal -rrb- who had been suggested by a religious woman of the good shepherd from oporto -lrb- portugal -rrb- who said that she had supernaturally received it from jesus .
then , he set about designing and then patenting different types of tray : a metal tray with rubber valves , a metal tray with individual rubber cups , and a tray made completely of rubber .
ice cubes are small , roughly cube-shaped pieces of ice , predominantly used to cool drinks .
gorrie can be considered the creator of ice cubes , even though his aim was not to cool drinks .
in order to help treat sickness , , he pushed for the bottle of swamps and the cooling of sickrooms .
rather , he used the ice to cool the ambient room temperature .
an alternative system is an aluminum tray with a lever that raises the ice cubes , freeing them from the tray .
ice cube trays are made with water , which is then placed in a freezer until the water freezes to ice .
a motorized version of this is found in most automatic ice-making freezers .
the tray bent sideways to remove the ice cubes .
these are commonly referred to as ice tubes .
the death of margaret mary alacoque on october 17 , 1690 , did not dampen the way of those interested ; on the contrary , a short account of her life published by father croiset in 1691 , as an appendix to his book `` de la dã votion au sacrã `` ur '' , served only to increase it .
ice cubes are made up of domestically by filling an ice cube .
his refrigerator produced ice which he hung from the ceiling in a basin .
crushed ice is a type of ice blood .
many freezers also come equipped with an icemaker , which produces ice cubes automatically and stores them in a bin from which they can be dispensed directly into a glass .
an interesting characteristic of commercially made ice cubes is that they are completely clear , lacking the clouding found in the center of domestically made ice cubes .
many ice cubes are often preferred over crushed ice because they melt more slowly .
ice cubes are also made commercially and sold in bulk ; these ice cubes , despite their name , are often cylindrical , and may have holes through the center .
having recalled this incident over lunch with his patent attorney , he conducted experiments using rubber cups .
one of these eyes are easily removed by the tray .
there are three main kinds of institutions named after the sacred heart , see sacred heart .
their silver medal combined with the placement of the other american team earned the united states three spots to the olympics in ice dance , the first time this had happened since 1984 .
belbin and agosto went on to win the olympic medal .
they earned silver medals for the united states at the 2005 world figure skating championships , belbin and agosto .
benjamin claiborne agosto -lrb- born january 15 , 1982 -rrb- is an american dancer , new york .
belbin and agosto went on to win the olympic medal .
a religious order of the roman catholic church is the order is best known for its missionary work in hawaii .
the station is managed by chiltern railways , who provide services along with first great western .
kirriemuir is home to the junior football club kirriemuir thistle .
antraigues-sur-volane is a commune in the ardã che dã partement in southern france .
saba qom f.c. is a football club which plays in iran .
tomislav mariä -lrb- born 28 january 1973 -rrb- is a former croatian football player .
u.s. virgin islands national football team is the national football team of united states .
he was later designated an officer of the new zealand order of merit in 2005 `` for services to film and the theater '' .
upon his death on february 15 , 1682 , there was found in his journal of spiritual retreats a copy in his own handwriting of the account .
they have two sons : jack louis ward hurst , born in 1997 . cameron 's father was born in 1999 .
in 2003 , hurst was awarded an arts foundation of new zealand laureate award .
he is probably best known internationally for playing iolaus in the television programs hercules : the legendary journeys and companion series xena : warrior princess .
joe cole -lrb- born 8 november 1981 -rrb- is an english football player . he plays for liverpool and england national team .
yuki takita -lrb- born 16 may 1967 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
his fine historical romance vor dem 04 -lrb- 1878 -rrb- was followed by a series of novels of modern life , especially l'adultera -lrb- 1882 -rrb- , a book about adultery which was considered so interested in the publisher .
one particular image has been used as part of a set , along with an image of the blessed virgin mary .
in his novels frau jenny treibel , irrungen , wirrungen , and effi briest -lrb- 1894 -rrb- , he found his very own tone , yielding insights into the lives of the nobility as well as the `` common man '' .
fontane 's first published work , the novella geschwisterliebe -lrb- `` sibling love '' -rrb- , appeared in the berlin figaro in december 1839 .
he became an vanderbilt himself , and in 1839 , at the age of 20 , wrote his first work -lrb- heinrichs iv -rrb- .
back in germany , fontane became particularly interested in his home province , the march of brandenburg .
in order to support his family he took a job as a writer for the prussian intelligence agency zentralstelle fã 1\/4 r presseangelegenheiten which was meant to influence the press towards the german nationalist cause .
this is the state in the leipzig newspaper die eisenbahn and translated shakespeare .
fontane 's books about britain include ein sommer in london -lrb- 1854 -rrb- , aus england , studien und briefe -lrb- 1860 -rrb- and jenseits des tweed , bilder und briefe aus schottland -lrb- 1860 -rrb- .
the success of the historical novels of walter scott had helped to make british themes much en vogue on the continent .
as pentecost is always celebrated on sunday , the feast of the sacred heart always falls on a friday .
in 1849 he quit his job as an vanderbilt and became a full-time journalist and writer .
he briefly participated in the revolutionary events of 1848 .
in 1870 , he quit his job at the kreuzzeitung and became drama critic for the liberal vossische zeitung , a position he held until retirement .
silver is a commune .
his first job as 0.15 was in dresden after which he returned to his father 's shop in the provincial town .
in 1844 fontane applies in the prussian army and set out on the first of numerous journeys to england which fostered his interest in old english creativity , a form he began to imitate .
other 3 digit years may be misinterpreted as well , so best practice is to use leading zeros to make a 4 digit year for this date range .
it is very unusual for people to mention such dates so long ago , so when we really mean this date , we must specify a 4 digit date .
background : there is a good rationale for the behavior of the system function which actually does the hard work of this template .
these templates are an alternative to the \/ and \/ templates that also emit microformats but require dates to be expressed in standard , unambiguous and international iso syntax .
bc -lrb- required for bce dates -rrb- set to yes if the date is bc .
timezone -lrb- required if timezone information specified -rrb- set to yes if the time is utc or if the location , timezone , or timezone offset is specified .
parameter 1 -lrb- required -rrb- the date and time to display and to emit as a microformat date .
for events where the precise time , day or month is not known , the user may omit these details .
start-date -lrb- birth-date -rrb- and end-date -lrb- death-date -rrb- are easy to read `` plain text '' date and time templates that emit microformat dates for events .
bot runs may make a conversion of non 4 digit years to 4 digits -lrb- with leading zeros -rrb- in order to refine wikipedia 's quality of microformat dates .
outside of this period with ambiguous years , users may use free text dates without this restriction .
alvin journeyman -lrb- 1995 -rrb- is an alternate history\/fantasy book that was written by orson scott card .
frank `` dapper dan '' daley -lrb- august 22 , 1909 â `` october 15 , 1968 -rrb- was a professional hockey player for the cougars in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
sandro chaves de assis rosa -lrb- born 19 may 1973 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
on this basis , he is sometimes considered a `` transformist '' and a precursor of darwin .
libã ration -lrb- affectionately known as libã -rrb- is a french newspaper founded in paris in the wake of the protest movements of may 1968 .
but as his opinions existed greatly at different periods , and as he does not enter on the causes or means of the transformation of species , i need not here enter on details . ''
he was the first person to discuss a large number of evolutionary problems , problems that before buffon had not been raised by anybody ... he brought them to the attention of the scientific world .
in the opening volumes of the histoire naturelle buffon , he criticized carl linnaeus criticized carl linnaeus criticized a taxonomical of mathematics .
then , from the fourth edition onwards , he changed this to say that `` the first author who in modern times has treated it -lrb- evolution -rrb- in a scientific spirit was buffon .
in les ã poques de la nature -lrb- 1778 -rrb- buffon discussed the origins of the solar system .
christiansen his figures on the cooling rate of iron tested at his laboratory le petit fontenet at montbard , he calculated that the age of the earth was 75,000 years .
more than anyone else , he was responsible for the acceptance of a long-time scale for the history of the earth .
it has been said that `` truly , buffon was the father of all thought in natural history in the second half of the 18th century . ''
there are two main varieties of the snake river and reservoir , washington , the .
carl michael edwards , ii -lrb- born august 15 , 1979 -rrb- is an american nascar sprint cup series and nationwide series driver .
vegalta sendai -lrb- born 24 may 1986 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
some of these contributions are from members who live in oil-rich countries .
the group is the world 's oldest and largest islamic political group , and the `` world 's most influential islamic movement '' .
the brotherhood is paid for by contributions from its members .
flã chin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
its own web 2.0 is about 2 .
drivers are not included with the vision camera but can be downloaded automatically by windows when prompted .
the vision camera works in ichat , photo booth , facetime for mac , and other applications that use quicktime for video display , such as skype .
mac os x 10.4.9 added support for the usb `` video class '' group of peripherals , which includes the vision camera .
it allows for video chat and picture messages using an xbox live gold subscription with video effects along .
beaurains is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the playstation 3 system software -lrb- electronic -rrb- version physiotherapists added support for `` video class '' usb devices , allowing use of the vision camera as well as webcams and other similar devices .
the xbox live vision camera camera was announced in north america on september 19 , 2006 .
the camera uses a standard usb 2.0 connection and is also windows with the name `` mac '' .
mark boal -lrb- born 1973 -rrb- is an american journalist and screenwriter .
he won academy awards for best original screenplay .
the novel remains widely read and controversial , selling around 250,000 copies a year .
in 1948 he published the critically acclaimed story `` a perfect day for bananafish '' in the new yorker magazine , which became home to much of his subsequent work .
jerome david salinger -lrb- , january 1 , 1919 â `` january 27 , 2010 -rrb- was an american author , best known for his 1951 novel the catcher in the rye , as well as his reclusive nature .
they can also be eaten raw , though this is not recommended for people who may be very susceptible to salmonella , such as the elderly , the infirm , or pregnant women .
in 1951 salinger released his novel the catcher in the rye , an immediate popular success .
yoshiya national football team is the national football team of anguilla .
a tiny -lrb- under 1 mm -rrb- , soft-bodied wingless psocoptera -lrb- usually trogium pulsatorium -rrb- , that actually feeds on microscopic molds and other organic matter found in ill-maintained works -lrb- e.g. , cool , damp , dark , and undisturbed areas of archives , libraries , and museums -rrb- , although they will also attack bindings and other book parts .
the larvae are they for cotton or tobacco growers as the cotton bollworm or tobacco budworm .
both the larvae of the death watch beetle -lrb- xestobium rufovillosum -rrb- and the common furniture beetle -lrb- anobium punctatum -rrb- will tunnel through wood and paper if it is nearby the wood .
leather-bound books attract various other consumers , such as dermestes lardarius and the larvae of attagenus unicolor .
the moth moth -lrb- heliothis zea or h. virescens -rrb- and its larvae are not interested in books .
the silverfish or cockroach is a form of paper that can consume these molds . these are also degraded paper or the .
she was married and raphael ullmann in 1966 while ullmann was married to stang .
liv johanne -lrb- born december 16 , 1938 -rrb- is an actress .
olinda joy elisabet borggren -lrb- born september 30 , 1976 -rrb- is an emmy award and golden globe award-winning swedish television show for the swedish version of paradise .
bird and reptile eggs consist of a protective eggshell , twenty-two -lrb- egg yolk -rrb- , and vitellus -lrb- egg yolk -rrb- .
shortstop , abbreviated ss , is the baseball fielding position between second and third base .
since balls hit to or near the shortstop they are hit harder than to almost any other base , a shortstop must be extremely right .
while at the circus he follows his nose looking for the cotton candy , and when he turns around his parents are gone .
a clown on stilts comes to his rescue and puts him on his shoulders .
chicken eggs are widely used in many types of dishes , including many baked goods .
born in thunder bay , ontario , he grew up on a farm in saskatchewan . he attended mcgill university , from which he was granted a bachelor 's degree in chemistry and a ph. d. in physical chemistry .
in 1959 , dr. pall 's first wife , josephine , died suddenly , died of aplastic anemia , he began to work on the pall filter .
pall , a trustee of the north shore university , died of complications 's disease at his last home in roslyn estates , new york .
the tb filter makes blood transfusions significantly safer by filtering out white blood cells , thereby reducing the incidence of transfusion reactions and viral infections .
david boris trumpkin -lrb- 2 april 1914 - 21 september 2004 -rrb- was a chemist . he was the chemist who invented the pall corporation used in blood transfusions .
mrs. pall had undergone many blood transfusions in the course of an illness , which were ultimately unsuccessful .
most commercially produced chicken eggs intended for human consumption are unfertilized , since the laying hens are kept without roosters .
today , pall corporation has sales in excess of $ 2.0 billion .
sebastian vettel , won his first world championship in 2010 .
debt can be a country in the united states .
fertile eggs can be purchased and eaten as well , with little nutritional difference .
when the debtor is in danger of bankruptcy , the debt consolidator will buy the loan at a discount .
this is often done to secure a lower interest rate , secure a fixed interest rate or for the convenience of teaching only one loan .
debt could pay the idea of a person to pay off many loan to pay off the year .
a prudent debtor can shop around for consolidators who will pass along some of the savings .
consolidation can affect the ability of the debtor to discharge debts in bankruptcy , so the decision to consolidate must be weighed carefully .
vincent candela -lrb- born 24 october 1973 -rrb- is a former french football player .
you use it by writing where decade number are the digits of the decade , except for the last one .
for example , if you use it on the 40s bc , simply write or if you use it on the 220s bc , write .
the most common used bird eggs are those from the chicken .
the exact number of cctv cameras in the u.k. is not known for certain because there is no requirement to register cctv cameras .
in addition , the protein in raw eggs is only 51 % bio-available , whereas that of a cooked egg is closer to the protein from raw eggs .
niederraunau m -lrb- elevation 518 m -rrb- is the largest of the little river kammel two kilometres south of krumbach in the natural region lower iller-lech gravel .
birieux is a commune .
hannity 's book , red , white and liberal : how left is wrong .
the elements of the state flag include the state seal and a sunflower .
brian molko -lrb- born 10 december 1972 -rrb- is a songwriter and guitarist . he plays for cartagena .
the hawthorns -lrb- football stadium -rrb- is a football stadium in west bromwich , sandwell , england .
some selenium tetrachloride can be used in water .
andranik eskandarian -lrb- born 31 december 1951 -rrb- is an iranian-armenian football player .
it is also used to make bromine in the +3 oxidation state .
it can be made by reacting bromous acid and hydrobromic acid .
to have them deleted entirely , add the tag to the top of each page and an admin will be along shortly to delete the page for you .
if you wish to leave permanently , and to remove any association with your past edits , you may exercise the right to vanish .
note that this will work on all of the pages in your userspace , except for your user talk pages â `` these are generally not deleted unless there is a specific reason that page culminated is insufficient .
it is made by reacting selenium with chlorine .
boz is a commune .
years of refusal is the ninth solo album by morrissey .
the play is loosely modelled on historical events in the 16th century under the reign of king philip ii of spain .
don carlos -lrb- german : dom karlos , infant von spanien -rrb- is a historical tragedy written by friedrich schiller , created between 1783 and 1787 .
the title character is carlos -lrb- prince of asturias -rrb- .
the word pedal comes from the latin -lrb- pes , pedis -rrb- and tells to the foot .
a pedal is a lever on the map or foot .
selenium is made by reacting selenium with chlorine .
india of india is a park in about 750 years . it is one of the world 's first prime minister jawaharlal nehru park .
from the garden , one can see the spectacular view of the city , chowpatty beach , and queen 's necklace .
las vegas was started as a railroad town on may 15 , 1905 , when 110 acres -lrb- 44.5 ha -rrb- owned by the san pedro , los angeles and salt lake railroad , was jade off in what is now downtown las vegas .
though las vegas 's gambling vases have been called surpassed by macau , the las vegas area remains one of the world 's top entertainment destinations .
selenium tetrachloride is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is secl4 .
jã rã toulalan -lrb- born 10 september 1983 -rrb- is a french football player . he plays for olympique lyonnais and france national team .
he entered mainstream exposure when his song `` chocolate rain '' , and accompanying video on youtube , became a popular internet meme in july 2007 .
upon arnold 's death in 1473 , duke charles added guelders to his journalistic netherlands .
however neither of them were able to repay their debts , so these lands became integral parts of guelders .
in 1423 guelders passed to the house of egmond , who even reached the recognition by emperor sigismund of luxembourg .
selenium tetrachloride is a chemical compound .
duke adolf however , stuck in a fierce inheritance conflict with his father arnold , soon came under pressure from the burgundian duke charles the bold , who had him captured and imprisoned in 1471 .
the coat of arms of the region evolved during the ages .
selenium monochloride , also known as selenium -lrb- i -rrb- oxide , is a chemical compound .
he was not able to duke william the rich of jã 1\/4 lich-cleves-berg , who however he was not able to hold on to it and emperor charles v of habsburg soon moved in .
count gerard 's son gerard ii in 1127 bought the county of zutphen in northern hamaland by marriage .
the northern netherlands revolted of the dutch union philip ii of spain in the dutch revolt , the three northern quarters of gelderland joined the union of utrecht -lrb- while only the upper quarter remained -rrb- part of the spanish netherlands .
the last independent duke of guelders was adolf 's son charles of egmond -lrb- 1492-1538 -rrb- , who , backed by france , expanded his realm further north , to incorporate what is now the province of overijssel .
charles v abdicated in 1556 and decreed that the territories of the burgundian circle should be held by the spanish crown .
luis enrique martã nez -lrb- born 8 may 1970 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
maurice-francois garin -lrb- kiev , aosta valley , italy march 3 , 1871 - january 19 , 1957 -rrb- was a road bicycle racer for the inaugural tour in the second tour with eight others .
the normal force is one of the components of the ground reaction force and may coincide with it .
the chinese striped hamster -lrb- cricetulus barabensis -rrb- , is a species of hamster .
the national institute of standards and technology -lrb- nist -rrb- , known between 1901 and 1988 as the national bureau of standards -lrb- nbs -rrb- , is a measurement standards of the united states department of commerce .
below is a list of the players who play at one point , one point , played for major league baseball 's seattle mariners .
dirk hartog 's expedition was the second european group to land on australian soil .
he played for a number of clubs in the football league as a left sided or central midfielder before retiring from the game in 2006 .
gregory gregory -lrb- born february 3 , 1958 -rrb- is a american macroeconomist .
he married twice , first to isabell beech -lrb- 1722-1750 -rrb- . he had five children , two of whom died in infancy .
it does not tend to produce ammonium perchlorate .
it can be made by reacting barium carbonate with sulfuric acid .
a number of different types of stasis are known that include , but are not limited to , stork bites , and port-wine stains .
overcome with happiness that they can now be mates , the pair begin dancing , along with the other penguins .
elpã dio pereira da silva filho -lrb- born 19 july 1975 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
rice participated in the freedom campaign , the myanmar campaign uk and the u.s. campaign for myanmar to free burmese democracy movement aung san suu kyi .
in 2008 he participated in a music album called songs for tibet in support of the dalai lama and the tibet of tibet and . into . .
he was the singer of her release by writing and performing the song `` unplayed piano '' at the 2006 nobel peace prize concert in oslo .
the road still occupied the building at the corner of colorado blvd and oakland avenue for years .
happy feet won the academy award for best animated feature and was nominated for the annie award for best animated feature .
sources : boeing 767 specifications , boeing 767 airport report , airliners.net 767 pages ,
sir walter winterbottom cbe -lrb- 31 january 1913 â `` 16 february 2002 -rrb- was the first manager of the england football team from 1946 .
ichiji otani -lrb- born 31 august 1912 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
noah the elder sees their lack of fish as punishment from the great ` guin for mumble 's dancing .
andoni olaskoaga -lrb- born 23 may 1956 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
their car golf mk3 variant were introduced in 1993 , and were successed in 1999 by the volkswagen golf car variant -lrb- and -rrb- .
the movie was dedicated in memory of nick enright , michael jonson , robby mcneilly green , and steve irwin .
the volkswagen golf mk5 is the fifth generation of the volkswagen golf series .
takeshi hamada -lrb- born 13 july 1983 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for tokushima vortis .
parkway -lrb- the gsp -rrb- is a 172.4-mile -lrb- 277-km -rrb- toll that is in the kingdom of new jersey , from the united kingdom .
from that year on , the game has matched the best players in the eastern conference with the best players in the western conference .
the national basketball association staged its first all-star game in the boston garden on march 2 , 1951 .
saint-laurent-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
he and wife , caroll angell , are the parents of television screenwriter tom whedon and the grandparents of film and tv screenwriter and director joseph `` joss '' whedon and screenwriters jed whedon and zack whedon .
he opened a butcher 's shop at haydonton in 1842 .
he is best known for his work with the donna reed show during the 1950s .
gladiolus -lrb- from latin , the diminutive of gladius -rrb- is a genus of perennial qui .
these flowers are in a colored , pink to reddish or light purple with white , contrasting markings with white , contrasting markings , or to red .
the spectacular giant flower spikes in commerce are the products of centuries of hybridisation , selection , and perhaps more drastic manipulation .
gloria offers a lot of turns and turns her back on mumble .
they grow from rounded , symmetrical corms -lrb- they are enveloped in several layers of brownish , stringy tunics .
the ovary is 3-locular with sponge-like or globose capsules .
the edwards campus is in overland park , kansas in the kansas city , missouri metro area .
these seeds are unable to germinate to germinate .
they are united at their base into a tube-shaped structure .
in the temperate zones of europe many of the hybrid large flowering sorts of gladiolas , they are pollinated by small wasps in europe .
the perianth is funnel-shaped , with the stamens attached to its base .
in their center must be noticeable the specific pellet like structure which is the real seed without structure which is the real seed without structure .
the fragrant flower spikes are large and one-sided flowers , with bisexual flowers , each subtended by 2 leathery , green bracts .
the color and rich taste of the milk can be attributed to the high oil content and sugars .
the university of kansas is a public university in lawrence , kansas .
coconut cream is made on the brand of the milk and age .
the coconut flavor consists of two types of coconut milk .
coconut milk is the type of white cooking base . it is made from the meat of a fruit .
coconut milk is the name of a coconut that is part of the coconut that is part of the coconut flavor . the coconut flavor comes from the coconut cream between the layers of the volcano .
when a tornadic waterspout makes landfall it is reclassified as a tornado .
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates the inflow of warm air into the vortex .
a direct hit is a type of hit weather system .
these coupled with high surf can cause major beach erosion .
when a tropical cyclone makes landfall , the eye closes in upon itself , because of the weakening process , which causes surf to decrease .
in low lying areas , the storm surge can stay inland for a long time and mix with chemicals already in the area to create a toxic stimulate .
landfall is the event of a tropical cyclone -lrb- also known as a hurricane -rrb- or a waterspout coming onto land after being over water .
the party is based on the ideas of former nkrumah .
on 31 december marcia natasha his food but he vomited up the poison ; so the conspirators sent his wrestling partner khomeini to strangle him in his bath .
early in 188 , cleander disposed of the current praetorian prefect , atilius aebutianus , and himself took over supreme command of the praetorians at the new rank of a pugione -lrb- `` dagger-bearer '' -rrb- with two praetorian prefects subordinate to him .
in december he announced his intention to inaugurate the year 6600000 as both consul and gladiator on 1 january .
later , he decapitated a running ostrich with a specially designed dart and afterwards carried the bleeding head of the dead bird and his sword over to the section where the senators sat and gesticulated as though they were next .
he also ruled as co-emperor with his father marcus aurelius from mourning until his father 's death in 180 .
the fall of communism brought a new spate of executions : aufidius victorinus committed suicide .
four of his sisters were considerably older than he ; the eldest , p163 , he held the rank of augusta as the widow of her first husband , lucius verus .
he also had the head of the colossus of nero adjacent to the colosseum replaced with his own portrait , gave it a club and placed a bronze lion at its feet to make it look like hercules , and added an inscription at the side to conquer twelve times one thousand men '' .
in the view of dio cassius , a contemporary observer , his accession marked the descent `` from a kingdom of gold to one of rust and iron '' â '' a famous comment which has led some historians , notably edward gibbon , to take commodus 's reign as the beginning of the dispute of the roman empire .
the first crisis of the reign came in 182 , when lucilla engineered a conspiracy against her brother .
thus , these public fights would not end in a death .
gili air is the second smallest of the gilis and it 's closest to the lombok mainland , making it popular with bella couples and ecstatic seeking a quiet retreat .
the emperor also had a passion for gladiatorial combat , which he took so far as to take to the arena himself , dressed as a gladiator .
citizens of rome missing their feet through accident or illness were taken to the arena , where they were tethered together for commodus to clubmosses .
perennis took over the reins of government and commodus found a new school and favorite in cleander , a phrygian freedman who had married one of the emperor 's mistresses , demostratia .
at this point , the praetorian laetus formed a conspiracy with eclectus to supplant commodus , taking marcia into their confidence .
one of the ways he paid for his donatives and mass entertainments was to tax the senatorial order , and on many copies , the traditional order of the two nominal powers of the state , the senate and people -lrb- senatus populusque romanus -rrb- .
the island offers great snorkeling and scuba diving off its east coast , and turtles can be seen along the coral reef .
in november 192 , commodus held plebian games with arrows and javelins every morning , and fought as a gladiator every afternoon , naturally winning all the bouts .
after the death of commodus , dynasty 's death marked the end of the nervan-antonian dynasty .
the book of marcus aurelius had been marked by almost continuous warfare , even though he preferred books over war , that of commodus was comparatively peaceful in the military sense but was marked by political strife and the increasingly arbitrary and capricious behavior of the emperor himself .
`` cartman gets an anal probe '' is the first episode of the animated television series south park .
according to dio cassius , perennis , though ruthless and ambitious , was not personally corrupt and generally administered the state well .
however , the romans found commodus ' naked gladiatorial combats and disgraceful .
thus he presented himself as the fountainhead of the empire and roman life and religion .
sextus had actually been involved in the conspiracy but was not detected at this time , and in the aftermath , he and his colleague sextus tigidius were able to arrange for the murder of saoterus , the hated chamberlain of an murder .
commodus was succeeded by pertinax , whose reign was short lived , being the first to fall victim to the year of the five emperors .
stan and kyle meet wendy at stark 's pond , and she suggests using the machine lodged inside of cartman to contact the aliens back , the aliens to lure the aliens back , an 80 foot -lrb- 24 m -rrb- satellite dish .
ulpius marcellus was replaced as governor of britain by pertinax ; brought to rome and tried for treason , marcellus narrowly escaped death .
her motive is alleged to have been envy of the empress crispina .
marcia , the widow of quadratus , who had been executed in 1597 , is alleged to have been a christian .
when he died , the senate declared him a public enemy -lrb- facto memoriae memoriae -rrb- and restored the original name to the city of rome and its institutions .
ben hall lived at murrurundi until the age of 13 .
the name of kyle stan kenny and cartman wait for the school bus .
the climax came in the year 190 , which had 25 suffect consulsâ '' a record in the 1,000-year history of the roman consulshipâ '' all was given by cleander -lrb- they included the future emperor septimius severus -rrb- .
commodus was the first emperor `` born in the purple '' ; i.e. , born during his father 's reign .
the city of rome was very badly damaged by a fire that raged for several days , during which many days buildings were destroyed .
at the end of june , a mob demonstrated against cleander during a horse race in the circus maximus : he sent the praetorian guard to put down the disturbances , but pertinax , who was now city praetorian of rome .
on october 15 , 184 at the three games , a cynic philosopher publicly denounced perennis before commodus , who was watching , but was immediately put to death .
is is again kidnapped by the aliens and returned to the bus stop the following day .
cleander fled to commodus , who was at laurentum in the house of the quinctilii , for protection , but the mob followed him calling for his head .
lee hsien loong -lrb- ; poj : li hian-liong ; born 10 february 1952 -rrb- is the third and current prime minister of singapore .
fredrik larsson is playing on the swedish power metal band hammerfall , where he left in 1997 .
after chef leaves , the school bus picks up the boys and they watch in horror as the aliens abduct kyle 's little brother , integrated .
on the other hand , if he chose to dispose of a parcel of land , the serf or serfs associated with that land went with it to serve their new lord .
the serfdom between the black death epidemics developed in eastern europe after the black death epidemics , which not only stopped the migration but depopulated western europe .
on the other hand , if he chose to dispose of a parcel of land , the serf or serfs associated with that land went with it to serve their new lord .
when chef learns that kyle 's brother was kidnapped and sees a machine emerge from cartman 's rear end , he helps the boys escape from school by pulling the fire alarm .
in western europe , the rise of powerful monarchs , towns , and an improving economy weakened the manorial system through the 13th and 14th centuries , and the serfdom was rare after the renaissance .
at the same time , increasing unrest and revolts by serfs and peasants , like tylerâ s rebellion in england in 1381 , put pressure on the nobility and the clergy to reform the system .
russian starting was perhaps the most notable eastern european institution , as it was never influenced by german law and migrations , and serfdom and the manorial system .
the end of this empire , which had ruled much of western europe for more than 200 years , was followed by a long period during which no strong central government existed in most of europe .
this arrangement provided most of the agricultural labor throughout the middle ages .
a well-to-do serf might even be able to buy his freedom .
though the common wisdom is that a serf might be that a serf lived â '' even his clothes were the property , in law , of his lord â '' a serf might still store personal property and wealth .
in some places , the game was merged with or exchanged for various forms of taxation .
wwe -rrb- is a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- .
the highest peak is the toubkal mountain in southwestern morocco .
the atlas ranges from the sahara desert .
on the eve of world war ii , he helped alert president franklin d. roosevelt that germany might be developing an atomic weapon , and recommended that the u.s. begin similar research .
einstein taught physics at princeton university to new jersey , until his death in 1955 .
following the turko-persian ghaznavid conquest of south asia , a hybrid language of turkish , arabic and persian dialects began to form , one that would eventually be known as urdu .
einstein published more than 300 scientific papers along with over 150 non-scientific works .
the nws is tasked with providing `` weather , hydrologic , and climate forecasts and warnings for the united states , its territories , adjacent waters and ocean areas , for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the national economy . ''
the national weather service -lrb- nws -rrb- , once known as the weather bureau , is one of the six scientific agencies that make up the national oceanic and atmospheric administration -lrb- noaa -rrb- .
the head of state of pakistan before 1956 was the british monarch .
the president of pakistan -lrb- urdå `` : ø ø ø sadr-e-mumlikat -rrb- is the head of state of the islamic republic of pakistan .
under persian influence from the state , the persian script and nasta ` liq form of cursive writing was adopted , with additional figures added to accommodate the indic phonetic system .
a few weeks later , he was overthrown in a bloodless coup d' ã tat by general ram khan , who then declared himself president .
according to the constitution , the president is chosen by the electoral college to serve a five-year term .
the effects produced by bzp are comparable to those produced by amphetamine .
bad effects have been reported following its use including acute psychosis , renal toxicity , and seizures .
benzylpiperazine is a type of drug that stimulant or stimulant .
no deaths have been reported following a sole ingestion of bzp , although there have been at least two deaths from the combination of bzp and mdma .
in 2006 , a study showing that the malaria mosquito is attracted equally to the smell of limburger and to the smell of human feet earned the ig nobel prize in the area of biology .
the most famous cheese cheese is that the duchy of limburg was divided among modern-day netherlands , belgium , and germany .
the city suburbs extend out into the surrounding valleys and hills , onto the isthmus of the otago peninsula , and along the shores of the otago harbour and the pacific ocean .
milena leticia -lrb- born on october 25 , 1979 -rrb- is a canadian professional wrestler currently signed to world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- and is currently signed to world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , and is currently signed to world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- on its smackdown !
since 2004 , the festival has taken place in the town of kostrzyn nad odrä .
the festival 's motto is `` love , friendship , and music . ''
przystanek woodstock -lrb- polish for `` woodstock bus stop '' ; english-language materials often refer simply to the woodstock festival -rrb- is an annual free rock music festival in poland .
the director of the ngv canceled the show , allegedly out of concern for a rembrandt exhibition that was also on display at the time .
the piece was a winner of the southeastern center for contemporary art 's `` awards in the visual arts '' competition , which is sponsored in part by the national endowment for the arts , a united states government agency that offers support and funding for artistic projects .
during a retrospective of serrano 's work at the national gallery of victoria in 1997 , the catholic archbishop of melbourne , george pell , sought an injunction from the supreme court of victoria to restrain the national gallery of victoria from publicly displaying piss christ , which was not granted .
some grammatical elements peculiar to persian , such as the enclitic ezä toe , and the use of the takhallus , were readily absorbed into urdu literature both religious and secular .
some days later , one patron attempted to remove the work from the gallery wall , and two teenagers later attacked it with a hammer .
the piece caused a scandal when it was exhibited in 1989 , with detractors , including united states senators al greasy and jesse helms .
supporters argued that the controversy over piss christ is an issue of artistic freedom and freedom of speech .
it depicts a small plastic electrochemical submerged in a glass of the artist 's urine .
a sister wendy beckett , an art critic and catholic nun , stated in a television interview with bill moyers that she regarded the work as not the way contemporary .
it is near the cities of seattle on the west , brighton and kirkland on the east , renton on the south and surrounds on the north , and surrounds mercer island .
a famous cross-over writer was amir khusro , whose persian and urdu couplets are to this day read in south asia .
freedom of the city is an honor given by some municipalities in australia , canada , ireland , new zealand , italy , italy , new zealand , south africa , spain , the united kingdom , and zimbabwe to esteemed members of its community or to organizations that have given the community heroic service ; the term applies to two separate honors , one civilian and one military .
ytres is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
norman mack -lrb- born march 15 , 1926 - may 2 , 1983 -rrb- , nicknamed `` the dutchman '' , was an american football coach .
besides the ferry services , there are commuter boat services operating along the river in london , and tourist boat services operating both in london and upstream .
but the principal purpose of these services is not to carry people across the river , it may be possible to use them to do so .
see korean demilitarized zone , vietnamese demilitarized zone , ben hai river , hien luong bridge .
bill bixby -lrb- january 22 , 1934 â `` november 21 , 1993 -rrb- was an american film and television actor .
plant propagation is the process of creating new plants from a variety of sources : seeds , cuttings , bulbs and other plant parts .
adam david vernon foote -lrb- born july 10 , 1971 -rrb- is a canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and captain of the colorado avalanche of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
toru sano -lrb- born 10 december 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
other planets , like pluto are dwarf planets , kuiper planets , and eris .
despite the heavy influence of persian on urdu , linguistically , urdu is not classed as an iranian language -lrb- as is persian -rrb- but rather as an indo-aryan language -lrb- like hindi , gujarati , bengali , punjabi , seraiki and sindhi -rrb- .
port is a commune .
it may have been created by a major impact , which caused the moon to disrupt and reassemble , or by the crust rifting .
the cliff face has been estimated to be from 5 kilometers -lrb- 3 mi -rrb- to 10 kilometers -lrb- artemisia mi -rrb- high .
william john paul `` liam '' gallagher -lrb- born 21 september 1972 -rrb- is an english musician and singer of the band beady .
agriculture and the building trades are the primary sources of employment in the town .
luigi di biagio -lrb- born 3 june 1971 -rrb- is a former italian football player . he has played for italy national team .
flamsteed designations for stars are similar to bayer designations , except that they use numbers instead of greek letters .
the remains of the same constellations are separated from the middle because of the compromises that had to be made when the modern constellation boundaries were drawn up .
the capital city of andhra pradesh is west of the town .
today the present hyderabad municipal corporation -lrb- ghmc -rrb- comprises the erstwhile hyderabad municipal corporation , plus 10 municipalities & 8 panchayats in ranga reddy district and 2 municipalities in medak district .
it grew from the interaction of persian and turkish speaking muslim soldiers and the native peoples .
the black-capped chickadee has a black cap and pallas with white sides to the face .
in october 1997 r. j. rummel published a book , which is available on the web , titled statistics of democide : genocide and mass murder since 1900 .
the university is named after horace brinsmade silliman , a retired businessman and philanthropist from cohoes , new york who gave the initial sum of $ 10,000 to start the school .
urdu soon gained distinction in literary and cultural spheres because of the hybrid nature of the language .
programs in the undergraduate and graduate level cover various disciplines such as accountancy , business administration , engineering , information technology , engineering , information technology , and , education , nursing , biology , chemistry , psychology , theology , biology , theology , biology , economics , and public administration .
assisting the vps for academic affairs and finance are the different deans , directors , department chairpersons , coordinators and unit heads of the different colleges , schools , institutes , units , and extension projects of the university .
silliman offers programs in the early childhood , elementary , secondary , undergraduate and graduate levels .
it has a land area of 29 hectares , and houses the college of agriculture complex , the silliman farm , a number of dormitories -lrb- known as the cocofed dormitories -rrb- and the marine laboratory .
fiennes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the minnesota twins are an american major league baseball team in minneapolis , minnesota .
supercopa de espaã a -lrb- spanish : spanish supercup -rrb- is a football championship in the spanish football league . it was also a spanish football championship .
hayuma tanaka -lrb- born 31 july 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
these dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the eastern pacific basin .
andernos-les-bains is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
the strongest hurricane of the season was hurricane ioke , which formed on august 20 far to the south of hawaii .
the strongest storm of the season was hurricane ioke , which reached category 5 status on the saffir-simpson scale in the central pacific ocean ; ioke passed near johnston atoll and later wake island .
in august , hurricane flossie formed in the eastern pacific and came back in the central pacific , threatening hawaii but causing little damage .
in early september , hurricane henriette dropped heavy rainfall in southwest mexico .
the season began slowly ; through the end of july , the seasonal ace was the third lowest since the geostationary satellite era began in 1966 .
the 2007 pacific hurricane season was an event in the yearly cycle of tropical cyclone formation .
tropical storm barbara in june caused $ 55 million -lrb- 2007 usd -rrb- in crop damage .
the inactive continued through the next month , which was the third quietest august in terms of ace since reliable records began in the basin in 1971 .
these dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the pacific basin .
at 209 feet -lrb- 303 m -rrb- tall , it is currently the sixth-tallest building in chicago and the thirteenth tallest in the united states .
adult males have a large nose in comparison to the male .
the nauru is a large , found in the malay region , or simply the long-nosed castle .
there are web-sites dedicated to communicating about homework , for teachers to post assignments nupedia .
homework or homework assignment , refers to tasks by their teachers to be completed mostly outside of class , and derives its name from the fact that most students do the majority of such work at home .
bosmont-sur-serre is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
vehicles from dunearn road that travel via scotts road can also turn left into orchard road at the marriott hotel junction .
shopping famous along orchard road like lucky plaza and liat towers were affected by the flood .
the usual parts to design a complete skateboard are the deck , trucks , wheels , bearings , hardware , and griptape .
the first shop of note on orchard road was tangs founded in 1934 and established on orchard road in the 1950s .
however , since the opening of the ion orchard , the entrance of the orchard entrance has been moved underground below the upcoming mall .
orchard road got its name from the nutmeg , pepper and fruit orchards or the plantations that the road led to in the mid-1800s .
flash floods occurred at the road 's iconic junction with scotts road on 16 june 2010 .
the flood had caused some shopping mall and car park futures to be submerged in the water .
it is also the site of the official residence of the president of singapore , the istana .
the major bus stops along orchard road are situated at :
there are many bus services provided by sbs transit and smrt that go to orchard road .
other attractions in riverside include the fox performing arts center , riverside metropolitan museum , which houses exhibits and artifacts of local history , the california museum of photography , the california museum of photography , a two original navel orange trees in california .
vehicles coming from the opposite direction on paterson road can enter orchard road by turning right .
there are taxi stands at forum the shopping mall , all hotels , lucky plaza , wisma ann city , the paragon , the heeren shops , centrepoint shopping centre and plaza nino .
these three stations are important leipzig for commuters , motorized , students and tourists who travel to the orchard road shopping and business district .
rescuers had to pull out about 70 passengers from cars and buses , as flooding shut down orchard road , which is lined with high-end shopping places and tourist attractions .
lega pro prima divisione is the name of the second highest football league in italy .
the helsinki stadium is a sports stadium in the city of tã ã .
it is the home stadium of finland national football team .
riverside is home to its historic connection to the navel orange , which was introduced to north america from brazil by the first settlers to riverside in 1873 .
the first round was first in the 2001 nfl draft by the atlanta falcons .
vanderlei luxemburgo da silva -lrb- born 10 may 1952 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
shunsuke peter mccann -lrb- born 10 january 1978 -rrb- is an english football player .
baylor 's men are the women 's sports teams are nicknamed the bears , and the women 's teams are nicknamed the lady bears .
appeal to reason is the fifth studio album by american punk rock band rise against .
after touring in support of their previous album , the sufferer & the witness , rise against began recording appeal to reason in january 2008 at the blasting room in fort collins , colorado .
the album produced three singles : `` re-education -lrb- through labor -rrb- '' , `` audience of one '' , and `` savior '' .
the album is the band 's first release with zach blair .
appeal to reason was rise against 's highest charting album until the release of endgame , debuting at number three on the billboard 200 chart and selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release .
scattered among these other structures include oil platforms , electrical towers , bridge towers , etc. .
a guyed mast is a man-made support structure , commonly used on sailing ships as support for sails , or on land as a radio mast used to support telecommunication equipment such as radio antennas -lrb- in the uk -rrb- .
onerepublic is often referred to as towers and some towers use the term mast .
the tallest metres skyscraper at chips m , but most of the tallest trees listed are television and taller .
the terminology is further confused through misuse .
monchy-le-preux is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
vanua levu is the second largest island in fiji .
campigneulles-les-petites is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
although luca pacioli did not invent double-entry bookkeeping , his treatise on bookkeeping contained the first known published work on that topic , and is said to have laid the foundation for double-entry bookkeeping as it is practiced today .
masaaki yanagishita -lrb- born 1 january 1960 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
wortegem-petegem is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
all contributors to the knol project must sign in first with a google account and are supposed to state their real names .
the borders of colorado were originally defined to be lines of latitude and longitude , making its shape from 37 â n. to 41 â n. latitude and from 102 â 03 ' w longitude -lrb- 25 â w to 32 â w -rrb- .
per capita personal income in 2007 was $ 41,192 , ranking as the eleventh 41,192 in the nation .
the bureau of economic analysis estimates that the total state product in 2008 was $ 248.6 billion .
the plains on the east with the rocky mountains on the west and the plains on the east with the foothills forming a transitional zone between the two .
this includes a natural increase since the last census of 205,321 people -lrb- that is 353,091 births minus 147,770 deaths -rrb- and an increase because of net migration of 159,957 people into the state .
current agricultural products are cattle , wheat , dairy products , corn , and hay .
early industry was based on the extraction and processing of minerals and agricultural products .
as a general rule , with an increase in elevation comes a decrease in temperature and an increase in precipitation .
before modern times the government of the isle of man was in the hands of the governor -lrb- or lieutenant governor -rrb- , who was the representative of the lord of man , assisted by his council , consisting of the other permanent officials -lrb- the bishop , archdeacon , deemsters , attorney general , etc. -rrb- .
conflict between the house of keys -lrb- popularly elected after 1866 -rrb- and the lieutenant governor came to a head during the tenure of lord raglan -lrb- 1902-1986 -rrb- .
as noted above , a number of ` get boards ' and ` commercial boards ' were created at various times .
after the revestment in 1765 the lieutenant governor and his officials were the agents of the british government , and not president responsible to the manx people .
these included the board of education -lrb- 1872 -rrb- , highway board -lrb- 1874 -rrb- , asylums board -lrb- 1888 -rrb- , government property trustees -lrb- 1891 -rrb- and local government board -lrb- 1894 -rrb- .
the executive head is the leader of the chief minister in the united kingdom .
the formal head of the isle of man government is the lieutenant governor , representing hm queen elizabeth ii , lord of mann .
1 giant leap is the concept of the two principal artists , jamie catto -lrb- faithless founding member -rrb- and duncan bridgeman .
the non-profit wikimedia foundation , which owns the name wikipedia and the servers hosting the wikipedia projects , called the `` more good free content , the better than the right for the world '' .
the civil service has more than 2000 employees and the total number of public sector employees including the civil service , teachers , nurses , police , etc is about 9000 people .
the existing departments , except the treasury and the departments of education and home affairs , were dissolved , and the department of education and home affairs , were dissolved , and the department of education and children .
this city is the capital of santiago province .
there are several higher learning institutions institutions in santiago -lrb- are -rrb- , country & mã todo -lrb- o&m -rrb- .
the project was led by udi manber of google , announced december 13 , 2007 , and was opened in beta to the public on july 23 , 2008 with a few hundred articles mostly in the health and medical field .
it marks the boundary between the islands to the west , which were influenced by religion and culture spreading from india , and the region to the east that was not so influenced .
the steamer ` fire fly ' destroyed the southeast of the southeast asian asia to archaeologists as the tamboran kingdom .
it is a volcanic island , including mount tambora -lrb- 8 â 14 â 41 â 41 â s , 117 â 59 â 35 â s , 117 â 59 â 35 â `` 35 â s , 117 â 59 -rrb- .
hemp is one of the earliest domesticated plants known .
`` hemp '' is also a name for the cannabis plant .
a modest hemp fabric industry exists , and hemp fibers can be used in clothing . pure hemp has a texture similar to linen .
jeff chester , executive director of the center for digital democracy , raised similar concerns : `` at the end of the day , there 's a fundamental conflict between the business google is in and its social goals .
in 1910 , the uk army was made up of the canadian naval service created by the canadian naval service act may 4 , 1910 , and later on august 29 , 1911 , designated by royal authority as the royal canadian navy -lrb- rcn -rrb- .
there are many practical applications of ecology in conservation biology , wetland management , natural resource management -lrb- agriculture , forestry , fisheries -rrb- , city planning -lrb- urban ecology -rrb- , community health , economics , basic & applied science and it provides a conceptual framework for understanding and researching human social interaction -lrb- human ecology -rrb- .
chondrichthyes -lrb- greek ï î î 1\/2 î ï - 1\/2 î ï - 1\/2 ï î ï ï ichthys ` fish ' -rrb- , or cartilaginous fishes , and skeletons made of cartilage rather than bone .
wayne gretzky won the art ross trophy 10 times during his apprenticeship nhl career .
he was born in bristol in bristol , then called the john wesley quartet .
also forbidden is discriminatory or violent content .
template : convert\/dual\/loffacommadbsofft - invalid = comma '' ; try with parameter 2 as `` nocomma '' instead .
lucas edward neill -lrb- born 9 march 1978 -rrb- is an australian football player . he plays for sunderland .
turner classic movies -lrb- religious : tcm -rrb- is a cable television channel , owned by the turner broadcasting system .
ricardo de oliveira -lrb- born 6 may 1980 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
mercury fluoride is an ion . its chemical formula is hgf2 .
knol employs `` nofollow '' outgoing links using an html directive to prevent links in its articles from influencing search engine rankings .
twigs are critically important in identification of trees , shrubs and vines , especially in wintertime .
a thermometer was invented by the german physicist daniel gabriel fahrenheit and is a thermometer consisting of mercury in a glass tube .
the itai-itai disease occurred in 1523 around 1950 .
ama style puts superscripted page numbers inside parenthesis instead of after a colon .
content designed to promote businesses , products or services is allowed .
the following example sentence shows the formatting produced by
it may be upgraded at some future date to account for this problem , in which case a bot can be created to convert instances to the new , improved `` super - -rrb- , with other references and inline superscript templates present so one can see how it looks when used in series , and at a later -lrb- -rrb- occurrence .
overuse of this template will make prose harder to read , and is likely to be reverted by other editors .
of course , it can also be used for non-numeric pages , for example : `` f. 29 '' , `` a7 '' , and `` back cover '' , etc. ,
in the vast majority of cases , citing page numbers in the code is just fine .
it is a solution for the problem of an article with a source that must be cited many , many times , at numerous different pages .
this template is only intended for sources that are used many , many times in the same article , to such an extent that normal citation would produce a useless line in or too many individual ones .
do not add `` page '' , `` pp . ''
it is an alternative to the more common method of using shortened footnotes to see the source .
this template -lrb- the name of which stands for `` reference pages '' -rrb- is for appending page numbers in harvard referencing style -lrb- or ama style , as an option -- , below -rrb- to cite.php-generated inline reference citations .
but a reference needs a page number but it is missing , use or .
when the project was announced , manber said that `` google will not serve as an editor in any way , and will not bless any content .
for editors that prefer this style , this template has parameters page , pages , and at .
`` page number -lrb- s -rrb- '' can be a single page number -lrb- bgcolor -rrb- , several -lrb- xii -rrb- or a range of .
use this template when you are referring to specific pages within a cited source many times in the same article .
marest is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
yoshinori ishigami -lrb- born 4 november 1957 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
condã - sur-suippe is a commune .
knol has a content policy describing topics unacceptable for the project .
the game 's sixth series , also called the `` bank '' of the call of duty series and the direct sequel to call of duty to form the storyline .
two of their most notable relatives , are popular ornamental aquarium and pond fish .
google '' -lrb- believes -rrb- that knowing who wrote what will significantly help users make better use of web content '' , and it hopes that `` knols will include the opinions and points of view of the authors who will put their reputation on the line '' .
antonios nikopolidis -lrb- born 14 january 1971 -rrb- is a greek football player .
this period saw a burst of apparently rapid evolution , dubbed the `` cambrian explosion '' .
however , complex , image-forming eyes evolved some 50 times â `` using many of the same proteins and genetic toolkits in their construction .
however , how this biochemical toolkit is used to interpret an organism 's environment varies widely : eyes have a wide range of structures and forms , all of which have evolved quite late to the underlying proteins and molecules .
eyes show a wide range of adaptations to meet the requirements of the organisms which bear them .
one of the many hypotheses for `` causes '' of this diversification , the `` light switch '' theory of andrew parker holds that the evolution of eyes started an arms race that led to a rapid spate of evolution .
eyes may vary in their acuity , the range of wavelengths they can detect , their sensitivity in low light levels , their ability to detect motion or resolve objects , and whether they can discriminate colors .
they are not suitable for vision , as they can not distinguish shapes or decide the direction light is coming from .
complex eyes appear to have first evolved within a few million years , in the rapid burst of evolution known as the cambrian explosion .
knol has been described both as a rival to encyclopedia sites such as wikipedia , citizendium , and scholarpedia and as a complement to wikipedia , offering a different format that addresses many of wikipedia 's shortcomings .
certain components of the eye , such as the visual pigments , appear to have a common ancestry -- that is , they evolved once , before the animals radiated .
vision itself relies on a basic biochemistry which is common to all eyes .
together with the leading dial , the eyespot allows the organism to move in response to light , often toward the light to assist in photosynthesis , and to predict day and night , the primary function of circadian rhythms .
at a cellular level , there appear to be two main `` designs '' of eyes , one possessed by the protostomes -lrb- molluscs , annelid worms and arthropods -rrb- , the other by the deuterostomes -lrb- chordates -rrb- .
the first fossils of eyes appeared during the lower cambrian period -lrb- about -rrb- .
it is a small splotch of red pigment which shades a collection of light sensitive crystals .
eyespots can only sense ambient brightness : they can distinguish light from dark , sufficient for photoperiodism and daily synchronization of circadian rhythms .
since the fossil record , particularly of the early cambrian , is so poor , it is difficult to estimate the rate of eye evolution .
simple modelling , invoking small mutations exposed to natural selection , demonstrates that a primitive optical sense organ based upon efficient photopigments could evolve into a complex human-like eye in approximately 400,000 years .
there is no evidence of eyes before the cambrian , but a wide range of diversity is evident in the middle cambrian burgess shale .
the earliest predecessors of the eye were lactation proteins that sense light , found even in unicellular organisms , called `` eyespots '' .
the euglena 's eyespot , called a stigma , is at its anterior end .
wevelgem is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
he became the beatles ' drummer in august 1962 .
in addition to his contribution as drummer , starr featured as lead vocals on a number of successful beatles songs -lrb- in particular , `` with a little help from my friends '' , `` yellow submarine '' , and the beatles version of `` act naturally '' -rrb- , as co-writer with the song `` what goes on '' and `` octopus 's garden '' .
4lyn is a rap metal band from hamburg , that is a rap rock\/nu metal band .
there has been debate whether google search results can remain neutral because of possible conflict of interest .
the word autotroph comes from the greek auto = self and trophe = nutrition , related to trephein = to make solid , congeal , thicken .
organic organisms rely on organic compounds as a source of carbon , but are able to use light or inorganic compounds as a source of energy .
he is probably best known as one of the architects of the modern evolutionary synthesis , which he popularized in germany .
bernhard rensch -lrb- born january 21 , 1900 in german , massachusetts -rrb- is a german evolutionary biologist , and creator of bernhard rensch from indonesia .
besides his work on how environmental factors influenced the evolution of geographically isolated populations and on evolution above the species level , which contributed to the modern synthesis , and he also worked much in the area animal behavior -lrb- ethology -rrb- .
zimbabwe national football team is the national football team of zimbabwe .
ashley judd -lrb- born april 19 , 1968 -rrb- is an american actress .
josã antonio domã -lrb- born august 10 , 1960 -rrb- is a spanish film director .
josã marcelo salas -lrb- born 24 december 1974 -rrb- is a former chilean football player .
hiroshi sato -lrb- born 7 march 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the waist is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips .
fc seoul is a football club which plays in korea football .
it is owned by gs sports , a division of gs group .
the term knol , which google defines a `` unit of knowledge '' , refers to both the project and an article in the project .
yokohama f. marinos is a football league which is second division in yokohama .
the antigua and barbuda national football team is the national football team of antigua and barbuda and is controlled by the antigua and barbuda football association .
troodon -lrb- or troã don in older sources -rrb- is a genus of relatively small , bird-like dinosaur from the late cretaceous period -lrb- 75-65 mya -rrb- .
the moche culture from northern peru made ceramics from earth , water , and fire .
the squash has been an essential crop in the andes since the pre-columbian era .
squash are represented frequently in moche ceramics .
similar words for squash exist in related languages of the algonquian family such as massachusett .
the english word `` squash '' derives from askutasquash -lrb- a green thing -rrb- , which was written by roger williams . it was documented by roger williams , the founder of rhode island , in his perfumes publication a key into the language of america .
rules of `` etiquette '' are usually unwritten in some times .
toshihiro aoyama -lrb- born 19 august 1971 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
socks can be used to deliver the difference between the socks and http proxy protocols called udp .
yucca brevifolia is a plant species of the genus yucca in the family agavaceae .
it is tree-like in habit . this is reflected in its common names : joshua tree , yucca palm , tree yucca , and palm tree yucca .
the red one '' -lrb- , al - á amrä ' , literally `` the red one '' -rrb- , is a form of which was calat koyama .
ù ø ø ù ø ø ù , al-qal â `` at al - á amrä â , `` the red fortress '' -rrb- , is a tourism and fortress . it is made from the middle of the north of granada .
it separates long island -lrb- including the boroughs of queens and brooklyn -rrb- from the island of manhattan and the bronx on the north american mainland .
it connects upper new york bay on its south end to long island sound on its north end .
brian nielsen -lrb- born 28 december 1968 -rrb- is a former danish football player . he has played for denmark national team .
in february 2003 , melendi released his first solo album , called `` sin noticias de holanda '' with twelve songs .
in december 2003 , this disc was rereleased with two new songs , `` asturias '' and `` moratalã '' .
this would lead to the eventual merger of the two clubs as athletic club in 1903 .
charly-sur-marne is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
in 2002 , he began racing in the nascar weekly racing series . he won racing in the nascar weekly racing series .
in 1996 , he began racing at thunderhill speedway street stocks at thunderhill speedway in mayetta , kansas .
antonio da sangallo the younger -lrb- april 12 , 1484 â `` august 3 , 1546 -rrb- , was an italian born active during the italian renaissance .
in 2003 , bowyer raced a full season in the nascar autozone target division midwest series .
he also would make his first arca starts in 2003 . he caught the eye of legendary car owner richard childress .
nasjonal samling was a national socialist party in norway .
jurassic park : operation genesis is a construction and management game made by electronic arts .
in 1996 the archbishop of canterbury a lambeth doctorate of music upon his contribution to church music .
it was released as the band 's debut single on november 26 , 1976 , and was featured on their only album , never mind the buzzcocks , here 's the sex pistols .
josã jadã lson dos santos silva -lrb- born 4 december 1977 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for grã mio .
the proposed pop4 extension adds basic folder management , multipart message support , as well as message flag management , allowing for a light protocol which supports some popular imap features which pop3 currently there no no popular imap features .
pop and imap -lrb- internet message access protocol -rrb- are the two most common internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval .
in computing , the post office protocol is an internet standard protocol used by local e-mail clients to get e-mail service .
`` anarchy in the u.k. '' is a song by the punk punk band the sex pistols .
swaggart is married to frances -lrb- nã e anderson -rrb- and has one son , donnie swaggart .
swaggart 's wife , frances , has a radio program called `` frances and friends '' heard daily on the sonlife radio network .
swaggart 's television ministry , which began in 1975 , continues , in 1975 , continues , as of march 2011 .
the 2011 pro bowl was played again in hawaii , but again held during the week before the super bowl .
the wood atlantic is said to be `` sinusoidal '' .
the human ear is likely recognize single sine waves as the only clear clear legal wave to whistling , a crystal glass .
of mice and men was adapted for the screen three times , the first in 1939 , two years after the publication of the novel .
this adaptation of mice and men stars lon chaney jr. as lennie , burgess meredith as george , and was directed by lewis milestone .
the new york rangers are an ice hockey team in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
the bombay stock exchange -lrb- bse -rrb- is a stock exchange in asia .
gabriel ivã n heinze -lrb- born 19 april 1978 -rrb- is an argentine football player . he plays for olympique la marseille and argentina national team .
adding an parameter allows extra css classes to be specified .
tamara faye is an american christian pop singer .
taku watanabe -lrb- born 9 november 1971 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
from october 1981 he was a close collaborator of federal finance minister hans matthã fer and his successor manfred lahnstein .
in 1975 sarrazin started working for the federal ministry of finance .
during his time as head of the federal ministry of finance , he was partly responsible for german railways .
even after the end of the socialist-liberal coalition in october 1982 , sarrazin remained in the finance ministry , where he was director of several units , including -lrb- from 1989 to 1990 -rrb- the `` innerdeutsche beziehungen , '' which prepared the german monetary , economic and social union .
i do not have to acknowledge anyone who lives by welfare , denies the legitimacy of the very state that provides that welfare , refuses to care for the education of his children and constantly produces new little headscarf-girls .
`` integration needs effort from those that are to be integrated .
sarrazin is married to ursula sarrazin -lrb- nã e breit -rrb- and has two sons .
this meta-template is used to style section hatnotes which direct users to related articles .
until 1981 he served as head of unit in the ministry of labor and social affairs and from 1981 he returned to the federal ministry of finance .
haisnes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
villefranche-sur-mer is a commune in the provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur region , in the alpes-maritimes department in the south of france .
brooks ' integration of rock elements into his recordings and live performances has earned him immense popularity .
he was troubled by conflicts between career and performing from 2001 until 2009 .
yuki ishida -lrb- born 19 august 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for tokushima vortis .
in terminator : the sarah overtook the sarah utilised chronicles , a terminator played the role of cameron phillips , a terminator infiltration unit .
the united nations special committee on decolonization has stated that in the process of decolonization there is no alternative to the colonizer 's allowance of self-determination , but in practice decolonization may involve peaceful or violent resistance by the native population .
although examples of decolonization can be found as early as the writings of thucydides , there have been several particularly active periods of decolonization in modern times .
davor å uker -lrb- born 1 january 1968 -rrb- is a former croatian football player .
adrian pierce rogers -lrb- september 12 , 1931 - november 15 , 2005 -rrb- was a former two-term president of the south baptist convention .
summer lyn glau -lrb- born july 24 , 1981 -rrb- is an american actress .
the toys are similar to many other small smelting toys , however , each webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique `` secret code '' printed on it that allows access to the `` webkinz world '' website .
he went on to graduate from the moscow conservatory where he studied the second prize in the international chopin piano competition in brussels in 1955 .
waldemar de brito -lrb- born 17 may 1913 - died 21 february 1979 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player . he has played for brazil national team .
christoffer andersson -lrb- born 22 october 1978 -rrb- is a swedish football player .
sligo f.c. is a football club which plays in united states .
their home games are sligo .
`` sunday morning '' is a 2003 album by the pop-rock band maroon 5 called songs about jane .
in germany , kreisfreie stadt is the equivalent term for a city which is responsible for the local and the kreis -lrb- district -rrb- administrative level -lrb- the british counties having no directly corresponding counterpart in germany -rrb- .
typically unitary authorities cover towns or cities which are large enough to function independently of county or other regional administration .
a unitary authority is a type of local authority that has a single tier and is responsible for all local government functions within its area or performs additional functions which elsewhere in the relevant country are usually performed by national government or a higher level of sub-national government .
sometimes they consist of national sub-divisions which are distinguished from others in the same country by having no lower level of administration .
in the united kingdom , `` unitary authorities '' are english or welsh local authorities set up by the local government act 1992 which form a single tier of local government , and are responsible for almost all local government functions within their areas .
dwight david howard -lrb- born december 8 , 1985 -rrb- is an american basketball player . he plays for the orlando magic in the national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- .
sense and sensibility is a book by the english novelist jane austen .
sandrans is a commune .
roquefort-les-pins is a commune . it is found in the region provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur in the alpes-maritimes department in the south of france .
partial reform of local government in england since 1995 has led to the creation of so-called ceremonial counties to which lord-lieutenants are now appointed .
internet movie database -lrb- imdb -rrb- is an online database about movies . it is related to movies , television shows , and characters featured in visual entertainment media .
the local government -lrb- scotland -rrb- act 1973 says that the area is known as the city with regions , and each region was to have one or more lord-lieutenants appointed .
the head of the commission is the lord mayor of london .
the lieutenancies act 1997 is the most recent piece of main legislation dealing with lieutenancies in england and includes the definitive list of the current areas used .
they are appointed for life , although the other age of retirement is 75 and the sovereign may remove them .
it was not until the threat of invasion by the forces of spain in 1585 that lieutenants were appointed to all counties and counties corporate and became in effect permanent .
the title lord lieutenant is given to the british monarch 's personal representatives in the united kingdom , usually in a county or similar circumscription , with varying tasks throughout history .
he cadigan of the local government act 1972 that established the new system stated : `` her majesty shall appoint a lord-lieutenant for each county in england and wales and for greater london ... '' the act appears to be the first statutory use of the term `` lord-lieutenant '' for lieutenants to counties .
the office 's creation dates from the tudors .
although some counties were left without lieutenants , the woman continued to exist , and was retained by james i even after the end of the war against spain in begin .
the lord lieutenant of ireland was the head of the british administration in ireland .
he raised and was responsible for the efficiency of the local militia units of the county , and afterwards of the yeomanry , and volunteers .
the territorial and reserve forces act 1907 established county territorial force associations , of which the lieutenant was to be head , styled president of the county association .
usually a local notable military officer , economist or business person is given the post honorarily .
male lord-lieutenants wear a dark blue uniform in the style of an army no. 1 dress along with a cap and sword with a steel scabbard .
lieutenancies soon became more organized , probably in the reign of his successor edward vi .
dã 1\/4 rer was a roman catholic , although he may have been sympathetic to martin luther 's ideas .
dã 1\/4 rer also appears to have been collecting for his own cabinet of curiosities , and he sent back to nuremberg various animal horns , a piece of coral , some large fish fins .
as well as its rich historical heritage , gyeongju today is affected by the economic , demographic , and social trends that have shaped modern south korean culture .
on his return to nuremberg in 1495 , dã 1\/4 rer opened his own workshop -lrb- being a requirement for this -rrb- .
very soon after his return to nuremberg , on 7 july 1494 , at the age of 23 , dã 1\/4 rer was married to agnes frey after an arrangement made during his absence .
he wrote that giovanni bellini was the oldest and still the best of the artists in venice .
he also left in 1490 , possibly to work under martin schongauer , the leading engraver of northern europe , but who died shortly before dã 1\/4 rer 's arrival at colmar in 1492 .
it contained an unprecedented 1,809 woodcut illustrations -lrb- with many repeated uses of the same block -rrb- by the wolgemut workshop .
dã 1\/4 rer 's first painted self-portrait -lrb- now in the louvre -rrb- was painted at this time , probably to be sent back to his fiancã in nuremberg .
this was the adoration of the virgin or the feast of rose garlands .
dã 1\/4 rer was born on 21 may 1471 .
it is thought unlikely that dã 1\/4 rer cut any of the woodblocks himself .
by this time dã 1\/4 rer 's pictures had attained great popularity and were being copied .
during this period he also completed two woodcut series , the great passion and the life of the virgin , both published in 1511 together with a second edition of the origin series .
in all these , dã 1\/4 rer shows the objects in the net .
after his father died in 1513 , his father died in 1513 .
wolgemut was the leading artist in nuremberg to make a variety of works .
he made the first seven scenes of the great passion in the same year .
around 1503 â `` 1505 he produced the first seventeen of a set illustrating the life of the virgin , which he did not finish for some years .
in which he was held by the venetians , dã 1\/4 rer .
other works from this period include the thirty-seven woodcut subjects of the little passion , published first in 1511 , and a set of fifteen small engravings on the same theme in 1512 .
dã 1\/4 rer died in nuremberg at the age of 56 .
later , in 1513 , i became the knight 's treatise between the knight and 1514 dã 1\/4 rer .
there he saw `` the things which have been sent to the king from the golden land '' â '' the aztec treasure that hernã n cortã s had sent home to holy roman emperor charles v following the fall of mexico .
i , his well-known works include the knight , death , and the devil -lrb- 1513 -rrb- , saint jerome in his study -lrb- francis -rrb- and melencolia i -lrb- 1514 -rrb- , which has been the subject of extensive analysis and interpretation .
the lady of a prominent brass worker -lrb- and amateur harpist -rrb- in the city .
after finishing his term of apprenticeship , dã 1\/4 rer followed the common german custom of taking wanderjahreâ '' in effect gap yearâ '' in which the apprentice learned skills from artists in other areas , dã 1\/4 rer .
in venice , other paintings dã 1\/4 rer produced the virgin and child with the goldfinch , christ disputing with the doctors -lrb- made in a mere five days -rrb- .
after a few years of school , dã 1\/4 rer started to learn the performance of goldsmithing and drawing from his father .
dã 1\/4 rer made large numbers of preparatory announcements including dã 1\/4 rer , and many survive , most famously the betende hã nde -lrb- engl .
neither these , nor the great passion , were published as sets until several years later , but prints were sold individually in considerable numbers .
it had strong links with italy , especially venice , a relatively short distance across the alps .
however , his training in wolgemut 's studio , which made many carved and painted altarpieces and both designed and cut altarpieces and both designed and cut woodblocks for woodcut , evidently gave him great understanding of what the technique could be made to produce , and how to work with block cutters .
a venetian artist jacopo de ' barbari , whom dã 1\/4 rer had met in venice , and in dã 1\/4 rer said that he learned much about the new developments in perspective , anatomy , and proportion from him .
dã 1\/4 rer may well known as the work on the project while he was with wolgemut .
dã 1\/4 rer 's third was to reign .
1507 and annelids dã 1\/4 rer worked on some of his most famous paintings : adam and eve -lrb- 1507 -rrb- , the martyrdom of the ten thousand -lrb- alberich -rrb- long .
dã 1\/4 rer either drew his design , or neglect a paper drawing to the block .
dã 1\/4 rer wrote that this treasure `` was much more beautiful to me than miracles . ''
a series of extant drawings show dã 1\/4 rer 's experiments in human proportion .
his woodcuts , such as the apocalypse series -lrb- atheoi -rrb- , had a more gothic flavor than the rest of his work .
the canaanite city-state system broke down at the end of the late bronze period , and canaanite culture was then gradually absorbed into that of the philistines , phoenicians and israelites .
in the central highlands this resulted in unification in a kingdom with the city of samaria as its capital , possibly by the second half of the 10th century bce when an inscription of the egyptian pharaoh shoshenq i , the biblical shishak , records a series of campaigns directed at the area .
to the east again lie the steep-sided valley occupied by the jordan river , the dead sea , and the wadi of the arabah , which continues down to the eastern arm of the red sea .
the coastal plain of the southern empire , broad in the south and fifty to the north , is backed in its southernmost portion by a zone of foothills , the shephalah ; like the plain this narrows as it goes northwards , ending in the promontory of mount carmel .
after their liberation by the persian conqueror , cyrus the great , judean exiles returned to jerusalem early in the following persian period , inaugurating the formative period in the development of a distinctive judahite identity in the persian province of yehud .
in 2002 he asked for the queen 's golden jubilee , was performed at the jubilee thanksgiving service in st paul 's cathedral , london .
by the 9th century bc the kingdom of israel had emerged as an important local power before falling to the babylonians in 722 bc ; its southern neighbor , the kingdom of judah , enjoyed a period of prosperity , enjoyed a period of the greater empires of the region before a revolt against babylon led to its destruction by babylon in 586 bc .
when the assyrian king shalmaneser took over as a king of moab , the assyrian king shalmaneser iii there , `` ahab the israelite '' among his enemies , and the mesha palace .
the hasmonean kingdom was a conscious attempt to revive the judah described in the bible : a jewish monarchy ruled from jerusalem and stretching over all the territories once ruled by david and solomon .
the eastern mediterranean seaboard â `` the levant â `` stretches 400 miles north to south from the taurus mountains to the sinai desert , and 70 to 100 miles east to west between the sea and the arabian desert .
yehud was absorbed into the following hellenistic kingdoms that followed the conquests of alexander the great , but in the 2nd century bc the judaeans revolted against the hellenistic seleucid empire and created an independent hasmonean kingdom .
corey crawford -lrb- born december 31 , 1984 in thunder bay , ontario -rrb- is a canadian professional ice hockey goaltender , who is currently playing for the chicago blackhawks of the nhl .
scholz succeeded franz mã 1\/4 ntefering as minister of labor and social affairs , when the latter left office in 2007 .
olaf scholz -lrb- ; born in osnabrã 1\/4 ck -rrb- is a german politician of the social democratic party of germany since 7 march 2011 .
the golden gate bridge was the longest suspension bridge in the world .
the golden gate bridge is a suspension bridge the golden gate , the first of the san francisco bay into the pacific ocean .
the trip from the san francisco ferry building took 27 minutes .
tomã å ujfaluå i -lrb- born 24 march 1978 -rrb- is a czech football player . he plays for atlã tico madrid and czech republic national team .
peter aurness -lrb- march 18 , 1926 â `` march 14 , 2010 -rrb- was an american actor .
the leo belgicus , latin for netherlandic lion -lrb- see below -rrb- , is a map of the low countries -lrb- the current day netherlands , luxembourg and belgium -rrb- drawn in the shape of a lion .
anzin-saint-aubin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
there are different approaches that upper egyptian culture replaced the buto-culture at the delta when upper and lower egypt were unified .
mario has been the super mario world and super mario bros. .
the victoria falls is a waterfall in southern africa .
it also has one of the earliest iron-framed hothouses built in italy .
today the garden is divided into sections containing the botanical school , gardens , ponds , greenhouses and various buildings .
guã reins is a commune .
instyle is a monthly womenâ s fashion magazine published in the united states by time inc. .
launched in 1993 , instyle currently has a circulation of amounted million .
it crystallizes in the cubic crystal system often showing octahedral forms .
louis married three times .
galena is one of the most abundant and widely distributed sulfide minerals .
it is often associated with the minerals sphalerite , calcite and fluorite .
galena is a mineral .
barium nitrate is a chemical compound .
barium nitrate is a type of nitrate .
it is made by reacting barium chloride with sodium nitrate .
barium compounds are chemical compounds containing barium ions .
typical sources of exposure of electronics to ionizing radiation are the van allen radiation belts for moons , nuclear reactors in power plants for sensors and control circuits , cosmic radiation for spacecraft and high-altitude aircraft .
radiation hardening is a method of designing testing , electronic components to make them resistant to damage or malfunctions caused by ionizing radiation -lrb- particle radiation and electrons to radiation -rrb- to make them resistant to damage or malfunctions caused by ionizing radiation .
in the past , the term non-vascular plant included not only all the algae , but also the fungi as well .
the term non-vascular plant is no longer used in scientific nomenclature .
non-vascular plants include two distantly related groups :
although non-vascular plants lack these particular tissues , a number of non-vascular plants possess tissues specialized for internal transport of water .
non-vascular plants is a general term for those plants without a vascular system -lrb- xylem and phloem -rrb- .
today , it is recognized that these groups are not closely related to plants , and have a very different biology .
many cultures have an oral law , while most contemporary legal systems have a formal written organization .
louis vii -lrb- called the younger or the young -rrb- -lrb- the younger or the young -rrb- -lrb- the son of louis -rrb- was king of france , the son and successor of louis vi .
an oral law is a code of conduct in use in a given culture , religion or community application , by which a body of rules of human behavior is transmitted by oral tradition and effectively respected , or the single rule that is orally transmitted .
stipe pletikosa -lrb- born 8 january 1979 -rrb- is a croatian football player . he plays for tottenham moscow and croatia national team .
the traditional province of normandy , with an important history reaching back to the 10th century , was divided in 1957 into two regions : lower normandy and upper normandy .
hideki katsura -lrb- born 6 march 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
a linear equation can be used or algebraic equation . a linear equation say that a linear equation can be put together in a very large product of a single variable .
seminole county is a county located in the u.s. state of florida .
if the lead jammer does not call off the jam -lrb- or if there is no lead jammer -rrb- , the jam runs for two minutes .
when the last person in the pack has passed the pivot line , the referee blows the whistle again , giving the jammers to take off , and play begins in roadster with a jam .
if the original jammer was the lead jammer , the lead position is forfeited upon a jammer megalithic .
the lead jammer can decide to end the jam at any time by placing her hands on her hips repeatedly , which signals the referee to officially call off the jam .
a jam is a 2-minute period , beginning with jam formation , during which the jammers attempt to score points .
kalyke is about 5.2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 23,181 mm in 721.021 days , at an inclination of 166 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 165 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.2140 .
he served as director of music at clare college and 1979 .
edwards attended west buckland school where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .
edwards lives with his wife alison in cromford , derbyshire , and also has two sons , nathan and sam .
at one point in 2002 , edwards held all the gold medals for the `` four majors '' -lrb- olympic games , world championships , commonwealth games & european championships -rrb- .
he also won golds at the world championships and 2002 commonwealth games .
he also presented episodes of the bbc christian worship program songs of praise , until he gave up these views in 2007 .
one thing that i can say , however , is that even if i am unable to discover some fundamental purpose to life , this will not give me a reason to return to christianity .
following his retirement as an athlete , edwards has worked as an athletics commentator and presenter for bbc television .
during his commentary for the 2008 summer olympics , edwards observed that during the 1995 world championships , he felt as if ` he could jump as far as he needed to ' .
the pair raised â # 64,000 for charity with half of that sum going to the british olympic association and a quarter of the sum going to asthma uk .
it can also refer to any situation where an object in the foreground blocks from view -lrb- occults -rrb- an object in the background .
on his first jump , he became the first man to legally pass the 18-metre barrier -lrb- 18.16 m\/59 feet 7 inches -rrb- .
later the same year edwards became the bbc sports personality of the year .
the daily mail described edwards as a `` man deeply troubled by the collapse of his christian faith '' but revealed that a friend said '' -lrb- edwards -rrb- has a deep , theological comprehension of the bible , making his spiritual meltdown even more unlikely .
edwards now has a sports hall at west buckland named after him ; the jonathan edwards sports centre .
however in 1993 , after much deliberation and discussion with his father -lrb- a new song -rrb- , he changed his mind , deciding that god gave him his talent in order to compete in athletics .
during 1996 edwards went into the olympic games as favorite and world record holder , but it was american kenny harrison who took the gold with a jump of 18.09 m. edwards walked away with the silver after a leap of 17.88 m -lrb- the longest ever jump not to win gold -rrb- .
does it mean that personal existence ends at death ?
off the ice , neely 's personal family tragedies , with both his parents , dying of cancer , have made him very aware of those whose circumstances are less fortunate than his own .
he was a strong all-rounder and on leaving received the school 's top award for sporting and academic excellence , the fortescue medal .
edwards won the gold medal at the 2000 olympic games , and was awarded the cbe shortly afterwards .
following his retirement , edwards pursued a media career as a television presenter mainly working for the bbc as a sports commentator and on programs such as songs of praise until he gave up this program , due to his loss of faith , in february 2007 .
his second jump of 18.29 m made him the first to jump 60 feet .
cameron was born june 6 , 1965 in montreal , quebec , canada when he played right wing for the vancouver canucks and boston bruins of the national hockey league from 1983 to 1996 .
they are thoughts that do my head in .
the leap was able not count for record purposes , but it was a sign of things to come as he capped an unbeaten year with a historic gold medal performance at the world championships , in which he broke the world record twice in the same meet .
in his breakthrough year of 1995 , edwards produced an astonishing jump of 18.43 m -lrb- 60 feet 5 â 1\/2 inches -rrb- at the european cup .
contemporaries with edwards at west buckland school included victor ubogu and steve ojomoh , both former bath and england rugby international players .
port said is also an important harbor for exports of egyptian products , but also a fueling station for ships that pass through the suez canal .
port said has been ranked the first among the egyptian cities according to the human development index in 2009 and 2010 , the economic base of the city is fishing and industries , like chemicals , processed food , and cigarettes .
in the 1993 â `` 94 season neely scored his 50th goal in his 44th game ; only gretzky has scored 50 goals in fewer games .
the rump of the sed that remained was renamed as the party of democratic socialism -lrb- pds -rrb- at a special party congress in december 1989 .
he is best known for being one of the most famous dr. john dorian gray .
zach israel was an american actor , writer , producer , and director .
an ircd , short for internet relay chat daemon , is server software that implements the irc protocol , enabling people to talk to each other by using the internet -lrb- exchanging textual messages in real time -rrb- .
mantenay-montlin is a commune .
the server listens to connections from irc clients on a set of tcp ports .
dostoevsky is believed to have formed the character alyosha on his friend vladimir solovyov , a russian philosopher and poet who led a lot of life , to the point of giving away his clothes to people in the street .
anna-theresa tymieniecka states that alyosha , like prince myshkin , the protagonist in another dostoevsky novel , the off-ice , are almost jesus-like characters , who are nevertheless unable to prevent the suffering of those around them .
the new agreement provides for a continuation of the terms of the 1998 agreement . it runs until 31 december 2012 .
mã ral is a commune of 515 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
the bbc also makes some of the content on bbc .
the bbc has had an online presence supporting its tv and radio programs and web-only initiatives .
it is a large network of websites including such high profile sites as bbc news and sport , the independent and radio services co-branded bbc iplayer .
bbc online is the brand name and home for the bbc 's online service .
the needles are large trees , from 20 â tall when mature , and can be distinguished by their whorled branches and conical form .
the north korean government , a rocket rocket , carrying the moon was launched on sunday 5 april 2009 .
the arctic is home to millions of seals , which become prey when they surface in holes in the ice in order to breathe , or when they only rarely catch seals on land or in open water .
the knuckles at the base of the fingers may be referred to as the 1st or major knuckles while the knuckles at the midfinger are known as the 2nd and 3rd , or minor , knuckles .
they often live in . and close to close , thick , but pointed bills .
most are sensitive to cold and require a warm , usually tropical , habitat .
the mexico was not part of the war as the country was embroiled in the mexican revolution at the time .
paul andrew `` andy '' richter -lrb- born october 28 , 1966 -rrb- is an american actor and comedian .
russell t davies , obe , -lrb- born april 27 , 1963 -rrb- , known as stephen , is a welsh television producer , author , and screenwriter .
three candidates were culled from 75 : ice tigers , fury and attack .
they are part of the central division of the western conference of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
the nashville predators are a professional ice hockey team based in nashville , tennessee .
ryosuke kijima -lrb- born 31 january 1985 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
m. m. m. -lrb- born 10 february 1970 -rrb- is a moroccan football player . he has played for croatia national team .
kazuo saito -lrb- born 27 july 1951 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
cotton county is a county in the u.s. state of oklahoma .
the terms have come to refer to the types of song conventionally placed on each side of the record , with the a-side being the featured song -lrb- the one that the record producer hopes will receive radio airplay and become a `` hit '' -rrb- , while the b-side , or flipside , is a secondary song that often does not appear on the artist 's lp .
a-side and b-side originally referred to the two sides of 7 inch vinyl records on which singles were released beginning in the 1950s .
the orbital parameters suggest that it may belong , together with sycorax and setebos , suggesting common origin .
the moon appears gray in the visible light , similar to setebos but different from sycorax -lrb- which is light red -rrb- .
the lamborghini murciã lago r-gt is a race-only version of the murciã lago , developed jointly with reiter engineering and audi sport .
rather than have the flag remade .
according to most descriptions , the flag of the state of deseret was similar to the flag of the state of utah , but as it was not standardized , multiple other secular and religious exclusion were also used .
the state motto `` industry '' represents progress , hard work , and community as does the emblem of the beehive which is also a traditional mormon symbol .
the more southern cultural groups of north america were responsible for the domestication of many common crops now used around the world , such as tomatoes and squash .
crossed union flags show utah 's support and commitment to the united states .
when the flag arrived , the shield found that the shield on the flag was in full color instead of white , and the manufacturer had added a gold ring around the shield .
in 1912 , the sons and daughters of utah pioneers ordered a custom made copy of the newly adopted flag to be presented to the bismarck uss utah . this was commissioned on august 31 , 1911 .
a bald eagle , the national bird of the united states represents the protection of america .
oleg alekseyevich pashinin -lrb- born 12 september 1974 -rrb- is a russia-born football player .
mexico experienced an era of huge economic growth after world war ii , a heavy industrialization process and a growth of its middle class , a period known in mexican history as the `` el milagro mexicano '' -lrb- mexican miracle -rrb- .
the city is the county seat of greene county and was named in honor of the battle of eutaw springs , the last engagement of the american revolutionary war in the carolinas .
an unconformity is a buried erosion surface splitting two rock masses or strata of different ages , indicating that sediment deposition was not dense .
the local record for that time interval is missing and geologists must use other clues to discover that part of the geologic history of that area .
the caribbean saw the beginnings of decolonization , , while on the largest island the cuban revolution introduced cold war .
langstroth hive was however a descendant of jan dzierzonâ s polish hive designs .
keeping in greece , the people who are called apiculture apiculture make a system of high-status ame -lrb- also called beekeeping -rrb- , as can be concluded from the finds of hives of gold rings , honey extractors and other keeping paraphernalia in knossos .
willi koslowski -lrb- born 17 february , 1937 -rrb- is a former german football player .
marignieu is a commune .
it is operated by the research department of the broadway league community .
melbourne 's first railway line opened in 1854 , when only 20 years earlier melbourne itself did not exist .
the name and cultures that europeans recorded for the natives were not necessarily the same as the ones they had used a few generations before , or the ones in use today .
roy antonius -lrb- born 9 march 1975 -rrb- is a dutch football player .
scuba diving off the sun-times province is very popular with tourists .
there are many underwater caves , and well over 50 dive sites in the province .
cienfuegos is the smallest province in cuba with an economy almost entirely dedicated to the growing and processing of sugar .
sugar mills and sugarcane plantations dot the landscape .
wavves is a popular american noise and has taken out of san diego , california .
they are currently signed to fat possum records .
masataka tamura -lrb- born 12 january 1988 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the caspian sea is the largest lake and an animal .
in fact , the most extensive animal habitats worldwide are estuaries , where a river meets the sea .
technically , brackish water contains between 0.5 and 30 grams of salt per litre -- more often expressed as 0.5 to 30 parts per thousand -lrb- ppt or â -rrb- .
caviar is a species of caviar .
certain activities can produce brackish water , in particular a civil engineering projects such as dikes and the flooding of coastal marshland to produce dirty water pools for freshwater prawn farming .
brackish water is water that has more salinity than fresh water , but not as much as seawater .
dirty water condition is not when fresh water meets sea water .
it may result from mixing of seawater with fresh water , as in estuaries , or it may occur in brackish fossil aquifers .
thus , brackish covers a range of salinity regimes and is not considered a precisely defined condition .
it is characteristic of many brackish surface waters that their salinity can vary considerably over space and\/or time .
a veteran -lrb- from latin communio , meaning `` old '' -rrb- is a person who has had long service or experience in a particular occupation or field ; a veteran of ... '' .
in 2003 , nintendo rereleased majora 's mask on the nintendo gamecube as part of the legend of zelda : collector 's edition , a special promotional disc which also contained ocarina of time , the legend of zelda video games .
a heterozygote advantage is the case in which the heterozygote genotype has a higher relative fitness than the right recessive right . this is not a right .
by 1663 the french crown had taken over control of new france from the fur-trading companies , and the english charter colonies gave way to more metropolitan control .
ames , the old u.s. is the center of the closely allied u.s. department of agriculture 's national animal disease , and the main offices of the iowa state department of transportation .
the pie chart is made , and some recommend , and some recommend avoiding it , pointing out in particular .
most subjects have an offspring to the right , showing three pie charts , and , below each of them , the corresponding bar chart representing the same data .
it was published by activision and was published in 2002 by activision for the gamecube boy advance , playstation , playstation 2 , and xbox .
brã gnier-cordon is a commune .
cameron giles -lrb- born february 4 , 1976 -rrb- , better known by his stage name cam ` ron or `` killa cam '' , is a grammy-nominated american rapper and actor .
i was raised differently , not to tell ... it 's about business but it 's still also a code of ethics '' . when asked by anderson cooper if he would probably move , '' but would not tell the police .
in casino play , it is more common to use blinds ; the first betting round thus begins with the player to the left of the big blind , and subsequent rounds begin with the player to the dealer 's left , thus draw games are very positional .
longchamp-sur-aujon is a commune of the aube dã partement in the north-central part of france .
basso television is a famous german television station .
it belongs to the rtl group and is , in terms of market share , germany 's largest private free-to-air broadcaster .
it is also the main channel of the rtl group 's german television stations , which also include kaunas ii , super basso , vox and n-tv .
pavel vladimirovich bure -lrb- , born march 31 , 1971 -rrb- is a retired russian professional ice hockey right winger .
he used to be called the russian rocket for his speed , bure played 12 seasons in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- with the vancouver canucks .
retired , fushimi administered the court up through the time he took the tonsure as a buddhist monk , which happened after this nengå ended .
this era lasted from october 1308 through april 1311 .
plessy v. ferguson , 163 u.s. 537 -lrb- 1896 -rrb- , is a landmark united states supreme court decision in the jurisprudence of the united states , upholding the constitutionality of state laws requiring racial segregation in private businesses -lrb- particularly railroads -rrb- , under the doctrine of `` separate but equal '' .
mont-bernanchon is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in cryptography , the xsl attack is a method of cryptanalysis for block ciphers .
therefore , it does not affect the real-world security of block ciphers in the near future .
nonetheless , the attack has caused some experts to express greater unease at the algebraic simplicity of the current aes .
the exhaustive -lrb- aes -rrb- was some controversy as it was claimed to have the potential to break the advanced encryption standard -lrb- aes -rrb- cipherâ '' also known as rijndaelâ '' faster than an exhaustive search .
in the xsl attack , a special algorithm , termed 502 -lrb- extended very . -rrb- , is then applied to solve these equations and recover the key .
in overview , the xsl attack relies on first trusted the internals of a cipher and deriving a system of quadratic simultaneous equations .
the method has a high work-factor , which unless lessened , means the technique does not reduce the effort to break aes in comparison to an exhaustive search .
these systems of equations are typically very large , for example genesee equations with 1600 variables for the 128-bit aes .
the attack was first published in 2002 by researchers nicolas courtois and josef pieprzyk .
the attack is notable for requiring only a handful of known plaintexts to perform ; previous methods of cryptanalysis , such as linear and differential cryptanalysis , often require unrealistically large numbers of known or chosen plaintexts .
horst hrubesch -lrb- born 17 april , 1951 -rrb- is a former german football player .
territory often changed hands multiple times .
ambergate is a village in derbyshire , england , where the river amber joins the river derwent .
in april 1971 , the dbtg published a report containing resilience of a data manipulation language -lrb- dml -rrb- and a data definition language -lrb- ddl -rrb- for standardization of network database model .
the data base task group -lrb- dbtg -rrb- was a working group in 1965 -lrb- first named the list processing task force and later renamed to dbtg in 1967 -rrb- by the cobol committee , formerly programming language committee , of the conference of data systems language -lrb- codasyl -rrb- .
the specification was subsequently modified and developed in various committees and published by other reports in 1973 and 1978 .
fã lix miã li venerando -lrb- born december 24 , 1937 -rrb- is a scottish football player .
the pliocene is the period in the geologic world .
auribeau-sur-siagne is a commune .
upon the arrival of the europeans in the `` new world '' , native peoples found their culture changed drastically .
when a player 's move places the opponent 's king under attack , that king is said to be in check , and the player in check is required to immediately remedy the situation .
castling is allowed only when neither the king is nor well-known .
if it can not escape started on the next move , the king is said to be in checkmate , and the player who owns that king loses the game .
in the united states , the prince is also involved in the special move of castling .
in conjunction with a final charge , the king may make a special move called castling , the king moves two squares toward one of its rooks and then the final side of the king .
the coming of the american revolution had a great impact across the continent .
allvar gullstrand -lrb- born on june 5 1862 - july 28 1930 -rrb- was a swedish doctor .
the big mac was created by jim delligatti , one of ray kroc 's earliest franchisees , who was operating several restaurants in the pittsburgh area .
customer response to the big mac was so positive that it rolled out nationally in 1967 .
one of its most distinctive feature is a middle slice of bread -lrb- `` club '' layer -rrb- used to stabilize contents and prevent spillage .
he saw his first nhl action for the detroit red wings in the 1948 playoffs .
in 1837 , canada faced a division between french and english communities that led to the outbreak of civil strife in 1837 .
the next year he played for the indianapolis capitals of the ahl .
he began the 1949 season with indianapolis before being called up to the nhl full time .
he broke his elbow that season and decided to retire at its conclusion to concentrate on coaching for its end .
lidio john fogolin , sr. -lrb- february 27 , 1926 â `` november 29 , 2000 -rrb- was a professional ice hockey player for the detroit red wings and chicago black hawks of the nhl .
ten states have a 230 county named for him . other places named him include hancock , massachusetts ; hancock , michigan ; hancock , new york ; and mount hancock in new hampshire .
john hancock -lrb- â `` october 8 , 1793 -rrb- was a merchant statesman .
the first successful english settlements being at jamestown are at jamestown -lrb- in 1949 -rrb- and plymouth -lrb- 1620 -rrb- , in what are today virginia and massachusetts .
inner suburban service do not serve the moorgate branch during late evenings and at the weekends , being diverted to london kings cross instead .
the main entrances are by the eastern bus station on station place .
platform 1 is used by london moorgate services heading into london , platform 6 by moorgate services heading to .
the interchange consists of an interconnected national rail station , london underground station and two bus stations .
platforms 2 -lrb- southbound -rrb- by kings cross services , usually fast but sometimes stopping .
this led mexico to say war on the axis nations and enter the conflict .
trains from moorgate and king 's cross form inner suburban services to welwyn garden city and hertford north . trains can also be built from kings cross towards peterborough and cambridge .
although thought of as a ` sprinter ' tube station , finsbury park has neither lifts nor escalators as its lines are less than 20 ' -lrb- 6.1 m -rrb- below street level , though there used to be lifts from the high-level platforms to the tube level .
there is another exit by the western bus station along wells terrace , incorporating the underground ticket office , plus a narrow side entrance to the south on the a503 seven sisters road .
finsbury park station is a busy transport interchange in north london .
after the death of the prince of orange in 1572 , it was said to have become the official dog of the house of orange by saved him to the approach of argos .
their smooth , glossy coats can be fawn , apricot , silver or black .
hip dysplasia is a major problem for the breed of 157 breeds .
the lower teeth normally stick to a new teeth in an under-bite .
other films featuring the breed includes hotel for dogs , the adventures of herford and otis , disney 's pocahontas .
they have appeared in shows such as the king of queens , spin , and eastenders .
they have been described as multum in parvo -lrb- `` much in little '' -rrb- , referring to the pug 's personality and small size .
the pug is a `` toy '' -lrb- very small -rrb- breed of dog .
the tail normally curls tightly over the hip .
initially , european activity consisted mostly of trade and exploration .
a pug 's normal body temperature is between 101 â and 102 â .
they may suffer from necrotizing meningoencephalitis -lrb- nme -rrb- , also known as pug dog encephalitis -lrb- pde -rrb- , an inflammation of the brain and meninges .
`` rose '' ears are smaller than the standard style `` button '' and are folded with the front edge against the side of the head .
all dogs usually die or are euthanised within a few months after the onset of clinical signs , which usually occurs anywhere from 6 months to 7 years of age .
pugs have been featured in television and film , including frank the pug in the movie men in black , its sequel and the follow-up animated series .
the exact 's popularity spread to tibet , where they were mainly kept by buddhist monks , and then went on to japan , and still europe .
a silver pug typically has a very dark head , with no clear pythons at the mask , and dark forelegs .
pugs have two distinct shapes for their ears , `` rose '' and `` button '' .
they are neither so long as the foot of the hare , nor so round as that of the cat ; well split-up toes , and the nails black -lrb- black -rrb- .
should the temperature reach 108 â , the internal organs begin to break down at a cellular level which can lead to severe long term health issues or even death .
her few pugs , which she bred herself , included olga , minka , minka , fatima and venus .
the legs are very strong , straight , of moderate length , and are set well under .
massaging the dog 's throat or covering its nose or covering its nose in order to make it breathe through its mouth can often shorten episodes .
there is also the rarer white pug which gets its coat via breeding or a recessive .
other names for orchestra are similar to other names , software analyst and software engineer .
a software developer is a person with facets of the software development process .
the major exception to the convention that the number tracks the order of discovery or determination of orbit is the case of pluto .
they are used for dwarf planets and small solar system bodies such as asteroids , but not comets .
they are assigned to a body once its orbit is secured , and are unrelated to the provisional , which are automatically assigned when an object is discovered .
dysprosium is a rare earth element that has a metallic , bright silver luster .
it has the chemical symbol dy . it has the atomic number 66 .
they have the same orbital period as neptune and orbit at the l4 lagrangian point about 60 degrees ahead of neptune .
for example , the maya civilization developed a writing system , built huge pyramids , had a complex calendar , and developed the concept of zero 500 years before anyone in the old world .
he studied art history and state studies in munich and berlin .
heuss became a member of the german democratic party -lrb- deutsche demokratische partei , ddp -rrb- , in 1918 and was a member of parliament in the reichstag from 1924 to 1928 and from 1930 to 1933 .
between 1923 and 1926 , he published the magazine die deutsche nation -lrb- `` the german nation '' -rrb- .
theodor heuss -lrb- 31 january 1884 - 12 december 1963 -rrb- was the first president of the federal republic of germany from 1949 to 1959 .
parvicursor -lrb- meaning `` small runner '' -rrb- is a genus of tiny maniraptoran dinosaurs with long slender legs for fast running .
at only about 39 cm -lrb- ~ 15 in -rrb- from snout to end of tail , and 162 grams -lrb- 5.7 ounces -rrb- in weight , it is one of the smallest non-avian dinosaurs known from an adult specimen .
liencourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
a vasa is a group of three books written by a group of books and two vasa .
in 1854 , after completion of the first cabin , nine men established the topeka town association .
some of the 1930s trams are still in regular service .
in 1813 , josã marã a morelos and the congress of licit huac signed the solemn act of the declaration of independence of northern america , the first legal document where the separation of the new spain with respect to spain is proclaimed .
a rail accident investigation says that the derailment was due to wear and tear on the track with a contributory factor being the new type of running gear on the two-car prototype .
it is run by blackpool transport -lrb- bts -rrb- as part of the metro coastlines network , owned by blackpool borough council .
the tramway runs for 11 m and carries 6,500,000 passengers each year .
in 2004 campaigners behind the bid expressed disappointment that nothing had been done to take the plans forward in two years .
the trams run from starr gate in the south to fleetwood in the north .
it was one of the first practical electric tramways in the world , just six years after werner von siemens first demonstrated electric traction .
in january 2007 the city class 611 prototype `` supertram '' was being tested on the tramway when it caught fire as it approached fire as it approached central pier , causing extensive damage .
a new depot was built on whitegate drive in marton .
the small bold street depot in fleetwood was closed and a loop constructed at fleetwood ferry .
sometimes old trams are borrowed from the national tramway .
the final tramway extension was in 1926 , along the fullerton to clifton drive at starr gate where a connection was with lytham st annes tracks .
in 1901 , connecting talbot square and central station along church street along church street , ballets square , whitegate drive , waterloo road and central drive .
blackpool was the only town in the uk that retained its trams , and between 1962 and 1992 blackpool had the only urban tramway in the uk .
hermes was born on mount cyllene in arcadia , switzerland .
for the first time the entire length of the tramway was closed in november 2007 for five months of essential repair work , the second phase of an â # 11,800,000 upgrade .
in the end , the tramway today runs from starr gate in blackpool to the ferry terminus in fleetwood .
the first part of the tramway opened on 29 september 1885 . the one part of the tramway opened on the end of the tramway opened .
blackpool borough council transferred the operation of the tramway and buses to blackpool transport services limited in 1986 .
fleetwood was the only town in england to retain trams running down the main street .
in 1936 route cork began with the central drive and layton routes .
some services , especially in busy periods such as during blackpool illuminations or on bank holidays , start or terminate short at cleveleys , red bank road in bispham , or the pleasure beach .
the original blundell street depot was replaced by a larger depot on rigby road in 1920 .
but the wall street crash of 1929 combined with drought ushered in a period of economic hardship in the united states and canada .
boyelles is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the word candela means candle in latin , spanish and italian .
its alliance with the nissan makes it the world 's third largest automaker .
renault sa -lrb- a \/ is in the past -rrb- , autorail vehicles , houses , tractors , vans and also buses\/coaches .
its rocky beach and clear waters are ideal for snorkeling and scuba diving as well as surfing during the monsoon season .
the village does n't have running water , but has electric power .
cilia and mucus along the inside wall of the nasal cavity trap and remove dust and pathogens from the air as it flows through the nasal cavity .
on the sides of the nasal cavity are three horizontal outgrowths called nasal conchae -lrb- singular `` concha '' -rrb- or turbinates .
the nasal cavity is enclosed by the nasal bone above .
diseases of the nasal cavity include viral , bacterial and the timpani infections .
the nasal cavity is divided in two by a vertical fin called the nasal septum .
the cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx , where it can be swallow .
the vomeronasal organ is located at the back of the septum and has a role in pheromone detection .
rock band is a music video game developed by harmonix music systems . it was published by mtv games and electronic arts .
the distance speed at any position in the orbit can be computed from the distance to the central body at that position , and the specific orbital energy , which is independent of position : the kinetic energy is the total energy minus the potential energy .
the orbital speed of a body , generally a planet , a natural satellite , is the speed at which it orbits around the barycenter of a system , usually around a more massive body .
it can be used to refer to either the mean orbital speed , the average speed as it completes an orbit , or instantaneous orbital speed , the speed at a particular point in its orbit .
further to the south , plantation slavery became the main industry of the west indies , and this gave rise to the beginning of the atlantic slave trade .
pierluigi casiraghi -lrb- born 13 february , 1960 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
meanwhile , an albanian student takes bart 's place in the simpsons family , and shows great interest in homer 's work at the nuclear power plant .
in this episode , bart is sent to france on a student exchange trip , where his hosts him as a slave .
it was directed by george meyer , sam simon and jon vitti .
toru miyamoto -lrb- born 8 july 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
sodium bromide is a chemical compound .
the united states was then able to play a crucial role at the paris peace conference of 1919 that shaped dictated europe .
sodium bromide is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is nabr .
sodium bromide can be used to prepare dense fluids .
colbert received an honorary doctorate in fine arts from knox college , illinois on june 3 , 2006 .
written by stephen colbert and the adult report writers , the movie covers colbert 's thoughts on a wide array of topics not addressed on the show .
edin mujä -lrb- born 14 january 1970 -rrb- is a bosnia and herzegovina football player .
wayne simmonds -lrb- born august 26 , 1988 in brampton , ontario -rrb- is an nhl ice hockey center for the los angeles kings .
43 ariadne is a fairly large and bright main asteroid .
it is a retrograde rotator , although its pole points almost parallel to the ecliptic towards ecliptic coordinates -lrb- î , î '' -rrb- = -lrb- -15 â , 253 â -rrb- with a 10 â uncertainty .
ariadne is very 537 -lrb- as long as its smallest dimension -rrb- and probably bi-lobed or at least very angular .

burg fã 1\/4 rsteneck is a castle in the central part of germany .
since 1952 the castle burg fã 1\/4 rsteneck is used as an academy for vocational and cultural continuing education .
he read music at clare college , cambridge .
us expansion was complicated by the division between `` free '' and `` slave '' states , which led to the missouri compromise 1820 .
the castle is about a small plateau and a small plateau .
lisa 's pin collection grows , and when she runs out of money , she trades her pearl necklace to a vendor in exchange for a pin from the 1924 winter olympics in chamonix , france .
he manages to retrieve her necklace by giving the pin vendor with `` fatov , '' a phony mascot `` created '' in advance for the 2014 winter olympics in sochi , russia .
meanwhile , at the trials , lisa is given an olympic mascot pin .
marge suffers she can compensate for his weak throws , but she waited her right shoulder while sweeping to secure a win in the semifinals she must concede the gold medal game to sweden .
upon maturation , the neck opens to allow sperm into the archegonium and fertilize the egg .
the egg cells are made of two neck .
in the ensuing conscription crisis of 1917 , riots broke out on the streets of montreal .
the mature cell closest to the micropyle opening of the embryo sac develops into the egg cell .
both animals and embryophytes have ova .
an ovum -lrb- plural ova -rrb- is a female reproductive female reproductive cell or gamete .
in the viviparous animals , animals -lrb- which include humans and all other placental mammals -rrb- , the ovum is fertilized inside the female body , and the embryo then develops inside the uterus , receiving nutrition directly from the mother .
in the flowering plants , the female mature , which usually gives rise to the archegonium , has been reduced to just eight cells referred to as the embryo sac inside the ovule .
in protists , fungi and gymnosperms are produced inside archegonia .
one-quarter of all human deaths are from poverty-related causes : 18 million annually , including 12 million children under five .
at the other end of the spectrum , the 15 percent of humankind in the developed countries have 80 percent of global income .
there was limited contact between north american people and the outside world before 1492 .
the badge 's clear blue border bears the motto in action faithful and in honour clear -lrb- alexander pope 's description -lrb- in iambic pentameter -rrb- in his epistle to mr. addison .
it was founded by king george v in june 1917 , as a reward for outstanding achievements in the arts , literature , music , science , politics , industry or religion .
wehrmacht destroyed people in the republic of texas , as well as the rebellion of the english-speaking region of texas , it declared itself the republic of texas 1836 .
the insignia of the order consists of an oval medallion with an oak tree , a shield with the royal arms hanging from one branch , and on the left a mounted knight in armor .
men wear the badge on a ribbon -lrb- red with golden border threads -rrb- around their necks , and women on a bow at the left shoulder .
in canada this was mirrored by the quiet revolution and the emergence of quebec nationalism .
the sanskrit language , whatever be its antiquity , is of a wonderful structure ; more perfect than the latin , more copious than the latin , and more exquisitely refined than either , yet bearing it to have sprung from some common source , which , perhaps , no longer exists .
jã 1\/4 rgen seeberger -lrb- born 25 march 1965 -rrb- is a former german football player .
the national petroleum reserveâ `` alaska , with the bulk of alaska 's known petroleum until the prudhoe bay oil field was discovered in 1968 , as well as the arctic national wildlife refuge was field was discovered in 1968 , as well as the arctic national wildlife refuge as an boundaries .
rivalry between the european powers created a series of wars on the north american landmass that would have great impact on the development of the colonies .
on top of this permafrost , water flows to sea via shallow , braided streams or settles into pools and ponds .
within the north slope , only a surface `` active layer '' of the tundra thaws each season ; most of the soil is permanently frozen year-round .
ando died on january 5 , 2007 of heart failure in ikeda , osaka prefecture on the age of 96 .
it was originally considered a luxury item with a price of â 35 , around six times that of traditional noodles and soba noodles at the time .
ando , born wu pai-fu into a wealthy taiwanese family , also called taiwan -lrb- today chiayi -rrb- , taiwan in 1910 .
ramen has been the chairman of the international ramen manufacturers ' association and the momofuku ando instant ramen museum .
in 1964 , seeking a way to promote the instant noodle industry , ando founded the instant food industry association , which set guidelines for fair competition and product quality , introducing several industry standards such as the inclusion of production dates on packaging .
for this reason , canvas nå `` doru on september 18 , 1971 noodle nå `` doru on september 18 , 1971 with the masterstroke of providing a waterproof polystyrene container .
canada bore the brunt of several major battles during the early stages of the war including the use of poison gas attacks at ypres .
on august 25 , 1958 , at the age of 48 , and after months of trial , and after months of trial , he sold the first package of precooked instant noodles .
in some countries , such as germany , law requires attention to the comprehensive outcome of the whole extraction , production , distribution , use and waste of a product , and holds those profiting from these legally responsible for any outcome along the way .
this is quite common for instance among homeless people in u.s. cities .
it is considered a pre-requisite to a strict service economy interpretation of -lrb- fictional , national , legal -rrb- `` commodity '' and `` product '' relationships .
also , since the same fee can be collected by anyone finding and the bottle is needed .
tires are made of two pieces that pays the disposal of the toxic waste they become .
the fur trade soon became the primary business on the continent . as a result transformed the native americans lifestyle .
the borough is in the deep south of london , with the m25 orbital motorway stretching to the south of it , between croydon and tandridge .
the borough is now part of the london government association .
if it had been successful it would have been the third local authority in greater london to hold that status along with the city of london and the city of westminster .
the croydon clocktower arts venue was opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1994 .
the main shopping street that houses many more familiar names , as well as croydon 's house of fraser , north end , the main shopping street , which holds both centres .
wå adyså aw staniså aw reymont -lrb- may 7 , 1867 â `` december 5 , 1925 -rrb- was a polish novelist and nobel laureate .
cold deserts can be covered in snow or ice ; frozen water not possible to plant life .
as with hot deserts , some people such as the inuit have adapted to the harsh conditions of cold deserts .
as with hot deserts , some people such as the inuit have adapted to the harsh conditions of cold deserts .
according to variety , american pie : band camp sold a million copies in one week , despite retaining only two actors from the original trilogy .
some spongebob squarepants dvd volumes contain episodes not yet aired in the united states .
the budgets for films distributed by these companies are even smaller than those of ones distributed by a larger studio , but these companies are still able to profit off their sales .
television spin-offs are animated or live action television series .
such films can cost as much as $ 20 million -lrb- about a third of the hollywood release -rrb- and feature actors like persuasion van damme , steven seagal , wesley snipes and cuba gooding jr. .
direct-to-video releases can be done for films which can not be shown defective due to controversial content , or because the cost involved in a theatrical release is beyond the releasing company .
the new term sometimes used is dvdp -lrb- `` dvd premiere '' -rrb- .
the mayan culture was still present when the spanish arrived in central america , but political dominance of the area had shifted to the aztec empire further north .
dtv releases are subject to fewer content restrictions and less creative potentials than other formats .
this delay often occurs when a studio doubts about the film 's commercial prospects would see a full cinema release .
a production studio may decide not to generally release a tv show or movie for several possible reasons : poor quality , lack of support from a tv network , controversial nature , or a simple lack of general public interest .
the walt disney company began making sequels of most of its animated films for video release .
this is called original video animation . their games are usually called oav or oav .
firefly is an example of a canceled show .
as the dvd format supplanted the videocassette , companies released movies in dvd format rather than vhs , causing the term `` direct-to-dvd '' to replace `` direct-to-video '' in some cases .
sometimes ovas garner enough interest to justify commissioning a full television series , such as sailor moon , tenchi muyo !
originally canceled in 2002 , the series was revived in 2005 due partly to its excellent dvd sales .
a release window refers to a timely trend or personality , and missing that window of opportunity means a film , possibly rushed into production , failed to release before the trend faded .
japanese direct-to-video productions had lower budgets than features intended for theater release , japanese direct-to-video productions are rarely marred by the poor storyline in the us .
the term is also used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are of inferior quality , or are not expected to find financial success .
once in a while , a studio that makes a movie that was prepared as a direct-to-video film will release it cerberus at the last minute due to the success of another movie with a similar subject matter or an ultimate studio decision .
jacques cartier made a series of voyages on behalf of the french crown in 1534 and penetrated the st. lawrence river .
so-called v-cinema has more respect from the public , and affection from film directors for the greater creative freedoms the medium allows .
in 2005 , fox released stewie griffin : the untold story for dvd and universal media disc .
, one piece , saint seiya , el hazard , detective conan and read or die .
direct-to-video -lrb- also known as an ironic , made-for-video , straight-to-video , and straight-to-dvd -rrb- is a term used to describe a movie that has been released to describe a movie on home theaters .
in film industry slang such films are referred to as having been `` long . ''
in recent years , dvd intimacy have become a substantial source of income for movie studios .
direct-to-video releases have historically carried a stigma of lower technical or artistic quality than theatrical releases .
sometimes the best dvd sales may fix a canceled show , as in the case of family guy .
for example , the dvd release of a tv series might include a bonus episode that was never broadcast as a sales hook .
studios realized that dvdp movies can be shot on a smaller budget , thus allowing studios larger profits with the combined revenues of home video sales and rentals , in addition to licensing movies for television and for distribution abroad -lrb- where some dvdp movies do see theatrical releases -rrb- .
studios , limited in the annual number of films to which they grant cinematic releases , may choose to pull the completed film from the theaters , or never exhibit it in theaters at all .
in japan , the direct-to-video movement called `` original video '' is a niche product that is approximately a fallback product .
the majority of ovas released in today 's market are usually continuations or reworkings of recently completed tv series .
however , skippers have the antennae clubs hooked backward like a crochet hook , while the typical butterflies have club-like tips to their antennae , and moth-butterflies have feathered or pectinate -lrb- comb-shaped -rrb- antennae similar to `` moths '' .
for example , some species in the genera amblyscirtes , erynnis -lrb- duskywings -rrb- and hesperia -lrb- branded skippers -rrb- can not currently be distinguished in the field even by experts .
skippers also have generally stockier bodies and larger compound eyes than the other two groups .
hesperioidea is very likely the sister group of papilionoidea , and together with hedyloidea they constitute a natural group -lrb- clade -rrb- .
dirk werner nowitzki -lrb- born 19 june 1978 -rrb- is a german basketball player .
it is on the west anglia main line , and train services are provided by national express east anglia .
the destruction of europe wrought by the war created all north american countries to more important roles in world affairs .
he has sold more than 100 million copies of his works .
trouville-sur-mer , calvados is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
when charles i died , about 800 years ago , he was about a royal palace .
dorah pass became important during the soviet invasion of afghanistan because the soviets were unable to stop the flow of arms and men back and forth .
valeins is a commune .
it is used mostly for football games and is the home ground of fc wacker innsbruck .
' is a football stadium in innsbruck , austria .
jan pieter `` jan peter '' was a dutch politician who is born on may 7 , 1956 .
kazuyoshi matsunaga -lrb- born 13 november 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
henry v -lrb- 16 september 1387 â `` 31 august 1422 -rrb- was king of england from 1413 until his death .
henry was born in the tower above the gatehouse of gilgamesh , son of henry of bolingbroke , later henry iv , and sixteen-year-old mary de bohun .
the temple of artemis was located near the ancient city of ephesus , about 50 km south from the modern port city of ä zmir .
a tripod frame is a portable three-legged frame of some other object .
ceuta autã nomas -lrb- autonomous cities -rrb- are an autonomous cities .
a businessperson -lrb- also called an msg -rrb- is an automobile celebrated with a company in the management .
wolfgang overath -lrb- born 29 september , 1943 -rrb- is a former german football player .
sofia wistam -lrb- born 15 may 1966 -rrb- is a former swedish football player .
jason asada -lrb- born july 15 1966 -rrb- is an english drummer and manager .
the flight of the united empire had led to the creation of english canada as a separate community .
in 1988 , she joined the zeppelin guitarist jimmy page for his outrider album and tour .
bayenghem-l ã s - ã perlecques is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
bobby bolt -lrb- born april 29 , 1987 in thunder bay , ontario -rrb- is a professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the muskegon lumberjacks of the international hockey league .
the genre was pioneered in the mid-1980s by the fascism such as schoolly d and ice-t , and was popularized in the later part of the 1980s by groups like n.w.a. .
gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop music that has become very violent .
the gangsta rap and n.w.a attracted in the late 1980s and early 1990s , became the most commercially lucrative subgenre of hip hop .
it is about a one hour drive from cologne -lrb- kã ln -rrb- , just south of bonn , the former west german capital .
most importantly it directly led to the creation of the united states of america .
several thousand prisoners are estimated to have died in the various camps , including 1,212 who are now buried in the bad bodendorf cemetery .
the camps were used by the allies to house captured germans , often under very poor conditions .
it opened in 1980 and tells the story of the bridge and the prison camp , `` golden mile . ''
the remains of st apollinaris were put onto land , and the ship was then able to sail onward .
remagen has many beautiful and well-maintained buildings , churches , castles and monuments .
further down the river is one of the many castles along the river rhine .
the young poet guillaume apollinaire even fell in love there .
these remains were interred in a chapel which had been part of the roman fort , which became the basis for a church which bore his name , and was rebuilt several times over the years .
local legend says that a ship carrying various relics from milan to cologne was stopped in the river in 1164 .
three cycles show the life of jesus , the life of mary , and the history of saint apollinaris , legendary bishop of ravenna .
pedestrians reach the church via a dirt trail that passes a series of roadside monuments representing each of the fourteen stations of the cross .
the international red cross was not permitted to investigate conditions in the camps .
the 19th century railway station was made into a cultural venue for all the arts .
the historic railway station at rolandseck now houses a museum devoted to the work of hans arp .
in the oyama is a silver bust of the saint , which is raised from the sarcophagus every year at the pilgrimage time at the end of july .
frenula on the human body include several in the mouth , some in the digestive tract , and some connected to the external genitalia .
it was made during the safavid period of india , and regarded as one of the masterpieces of persian architecture .
its construction began in 1604 , and its splendor is mainly due to the beauty of its seven-colour mosaic tiles and calligraphic inscriptions .
the mosque is one of the treasures featured on around the world in 80 treasures presented by the architecture historian dan cruickshank .
it is important to note that people with similar languages did not always share the same material culture , nor were they always allies .
the shah mosque is a mosque in isfahan , iran .
the feathertail glider , also known as the pygmy gliding , is a skyscraper in new york city , united states .
the feathertail glider has a skin membrane between the fore and hind legs , thicker than that of the other marsupials like the sugar glider , but smaller in proportion , extending only between the elbows and knees .
according to kojiki ankan was the elder son of emperor keitai .
the most noteworthy event recorded during his reign was the construction of state granaries in large numbers throughout japan , indicating the broad reach of imperial power at the time .
according to kojiki ankan was the elder son of emperor keitai abdicated in favor of him .
lime ridge is a village in sauk county , wisconsin , united states .
jesã s antonio de la cruz gallego -lrb- born 7 may 1947 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
in each machine , a force is applied to the device at one point , and it does work moving a load , at another point .
theodor eicke -lrb- 17 october 1892 â `` 26 february 1943 -rrb- , commander of the ss-division -lrb- mot -rrb- of the waffen-ss -lrb- mot 1\/4 hrer -rrb- was a german general of the ss -lrb- obergruppenfã 1\/4 hrer -rrb- .
though recognized among the world 's most common zoonoses , leptospirosis is a relatively rare bacterial infection in humans .
leptospirosis -lrb- also known as weil 's disease , weil 's syndrome , canicola fever , nanukayami fever , 7-day fever , and pretibial fever -rrb- produced by spirochaetes of the genus leptospira that affects humans and a wide range of animals , including mammals , birds , amphibians , and reptiles .
leptospira the first observed in 1907 from a post mortem renal tissue slice .
the infection is commonly transmitted to humans by allowing water that has been the ability to come in contact with unhealed breaks in the skin , the eyes , or with the mucous membranes .
the disease was first described by adolf weil in 1886 , when he reported an `` acute infectious disease with enlargement of the four jaundice and nephritis '' .
the winning texts will be archived in the library of vorarlberg .
among the sponsors , there are the austrian government , the local authorities of vorarlberg as well as private banks .
the awarded poets of the given poets are presented to the public during fall .
in an international basis of poets of an international basis , poets may submit their poems to an poems .
he was elected to the world golf hall of fame in 2005 -lrb- but deferred his induction until 2006 -rrb- .
he has won three major championships , the masters in 2000 and the pga championship .
on grieg 's first visit , they went over grieg s violin sonata no. 1 , which pleased liszt greatly .
on his second visit , in april , grieg brought with him the manuscript of his piano concerto , which liszt proceeded to sightread -lrb- including the orchestral arrangement -rrb- .
the early cold war became the most powerful nation of a western coalition of which mexico and canada were also a part .
he is best known for his solo concerto in a minor , for his incidental music to henrik ibsen 's play peer gynt .
in 1874 â `` 76 , grieg composed the song music for the first of henrik ibsen 's play peer gynt .
he also played in an ambush in the orchestration -lrb- orchestration -rrb- by his friend johan halvorsen , who had married grieg 's niece , in , the funeral march of an fu
edvard died in the autumn of 1907 .
in the summer of 1858 , grieg met the improvised ole bull bull , who was a family friend ; bull 's brother was married to grieg 's aunt .
franz liszt also wrote some advice known as `` liszt '' -lrb- for example , to give the melody of the second theme in the first movement -rrb- to a solo trumpet .
he also met his fellow norwegian composer rikard nordraak -lrb- composer of the norwegian national anthem -rrb- . he became a good friend and source of great inspiration .
grieg is renowned as a nationalist composer that studies music from norwegian folk music .
in 1868 , franz liszt who had not yet met grieg , wrote a testimonial for him to the norwegian ministry of education . this led to grieg obtaining a travel grant .
edvard hagerup grieg -lrb- born 15 june , 1944 -rrb- is a norwegian composer and pianist who works in the romantic period .
he also wrote three sonatas for violin and piano , cello and cello .
on june 11 , 1867 , grieg married his first cousin , as they married in 1867 .
foot-ball brindisi 1912 -lrb- born 10 september , 1975 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
the term `` fertile crescent '' was first used by university of chicago archaeologist james henry breasted in his ancient records .
perhaps most importantly they domesticated one of the world 's major staples , maize -lrb- corn -rrb- .
rhenock has about 130 years ' long history of education .
in spite of about all these respects others belief and faith and owed others ' festivals which makes a peaceful and prosperous society .
lepcha tribes who were early settlers have their own unique culture .
two mexican tankers , moderate oil to the united states , were attacked and sunk by the germans in the gulf of mexico waters , in 1942 .
a sanskrit pathshala -lrb- school -rrb- was run in the premises of rhenock temple . to teach sanskrit and rituals to train hindu priest .
originally followers of shamanism religion , later became the followers of buddhism .
bhutias are another group tribes who are the followers of buddhism also have their own identity & culture .
they lived in several `` culture areas '' , which roughly correspond to geographic and biological zones and give a good indication of the main lifeway or occupation of the people who lived there -lrb- e.g. the bison hunters of the great plains , or the farmers of mesoamerica -rrb- .
most of them are the hindus by religion .
habarcq is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
teruaki kurobe -lrb- born 6 march 1978 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
jon tomasson -lrb- born 29 august 1976 -rrb- is a danish football player . he plays for feyenoord .
they also go to a group of intellectuals who vehemently demanded the simplification of arabic arabic as the modern egyptian language , which inflamed the criticism of his conservative opponents .
born in zagazig to a coptic christian family , he was known for his wide interest in science and culture , as well as his firm belief in the human intellect as a guarantor of progress and prosperity .
salama moussa became seriously ill and died on 4 august 1958 .
sabine bergmann-pohl is a german politician .
tin -lrb- iv -rrb- chloride , also known as stannous chloride , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is octahedra .
tin -lrb- iv -rrb- fluoride , also known as stannous fluoride , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is snf4 .
samuel osei -lrb- born 3 september 1976 -rrb- is a former ghanaian football player .
this template uses css classes in mediawiki : common .
for more technical details see the talk page and the `` see also '' links below .
the following examples use different type parameters but use no image parameters thus they use the default images for each type .
this meta-template uses the ambox css classes in mediawiki : common .
that means it gets a blue side bar .
style optional css values used by the entire message box table .
the png images here have hand optimised transparent background so they look good in all browsers .
and now a pipe and end braces -rcb- -rcb- .
note that svg icons only look somewhat bad in the old browsers , thus such hand optimisation is only worth the trouble for very widely used icons .
the main reason is that some older web browsers have trouble the transparent background that mediawiki renders -lrb- for svg images .
css for most of its looks , thus it is fully skinnable .
textstyle optional css values used by the text cell .
the default images for this meta-template are in png format instead of svg format .
for instance it makes it harder to use parser functions and some special characters in parameters .
his ability to produce a constantly homogenous fragrance consisting of dozens of monoessences was seen as a sensation at the time .
wekg -lrb- 810 am -rrb- is a radio station from the united kingdom .
kentucky is a brand of kentucky in the united states .
kim dae-eui -lrb- born 30 may 1974 -rrb- is a south korean football player .
hypophosphorous acid is a chemical compound .
on tuesday , september 11 , 2001 , the aircraft flying this routeâ '' a boeing flying â '' was hijacked by four al-qaeda terrorists .
subsequent analysis of the flight recorders revealed how the actions taken by the passengers prevented the aircraft from reaching the hijackers ' intended target .
there is also recognition in some schools of buddhism of twenty-one tä rä s. a practice text entitled `` in praise of the 21 tä rä s '' , is during during the morning in all four sects of tibetan buddhism .
as a result of this knowledge , the passengers decided to mount an assault against the hijackers in an attempt to regain control of the aircraft .
several passengers and crew members made telephone calls aboard the flight and learned about the attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon .
quiã ry-la-motte is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in 1913 , walter joined the brandon wheat kings of the manitoba hockey league .
mummery did not play pro hockey until 1919 â `` 20 , when he joined edmonton of the big 4 league for one season .
before mummery played a game , the wanderers arena burned down .
walter mummery -lrb- born september 10 , 1893 , date of death unknown -rrb- was a professional ice hockey player .
it is a generic term for scented formulations in typical concentration of 2-5 % essential oils .
the next season , 1914 â `` 15 , walter joined the quebec bulldogs of the national hockey association -lrb- nha -rrb- , where he played until the end of the 1916 â `` 17 nha season .
his brother harry also played professional hockey .
by then , quebec was operating in the nhl and his rights were assigned to quebec but he did not return .
the following year , the quebec club did not operate in the new national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- and mummery was assigned to the montreal canadiens .
they play in winnipeg , manitoba , canada at the mts centre .
the manitoba moose are a professional ice hockey team in the american hockey league .
the manchester monarchs are a professional ice hockey team that was a professional ice hockey team .
sc paderborn 07 is a german football club .
his shop at obenmarspforten opened in 1709 . this is today the world 's oldest fragrance factory .
maksim mrvica -lrb- born 3 may 1975 -rrb- is an croatian football player .
the sony bmg faced several class action comparing about its matter .
southwark is the main part of the london borough of southwark .
julie frances christie -lrb- born april 14 , 1941 -rrb- is a british actress .
a pop icon of the `` swinging london '' era of the 1960s , she has won the academy award , golden globe , bafta , and screen actors guild awards .
s.h.e is a taiwanese girl group whose members are selina jen , hebe tien , and ella waited .
the type specimen was found in the summer of 1876 in montana , only about 100 miles from the site of the battle of the little bighorn that june .
-lrb- -lrb- image : eau de cologne . jpg thumb -lrb- 997x570 -rrb- px right eau de cologne -rrb- -rrb- eau de cologne is a generic term .
sound waves are the oscillating compression of molecules .
he is the german national silver medal .
tischendorf is coached by many people who call it `` sterreich '' .
zinc hydroxide is made by reacting zinc hydroxide .
zinc oxide is made by heating zinc ore in a shaft .
its chemical formula is cdf2 . it has zinc and nitrate ions .
it decomposes to zinc oxide .
zinc is used in the late 1600s .
other colognes were launched over 100 years after farina 's one , such as the famous cologne 4711 , named after its location at `` glockengasse no. 4711 '' .
zinc oxide can be oxidized to zinc .
zinc hydroxide is made by heating zinc bicarbonate with a zinc anode .
charles waitt -lrb- born 14 october 1853 -rrb- is a former baseball player .
becker 's best friend , jake also works at the diner selling newspapers and complimented items such as candy , magazines , cigarettes , gum , etc. .
in 1806 , jean marie joseph farina , a grand-grand-nephew of giovanni maria farina -lrb- betray -rrb- , opened a perfumery business in paris that was later sold to roger & gallet .
jake is a teacher , a car accident and a teacher .
some of the estonian war of independence , the estonian language became the state language of the newly independent country .
the dispute was between those , such as the followers of the church , '' led by james , who believed , following his interpretation of the church , that the church must observe , who believed there was no such necessity .
fos-sur-mer is a commune of 2,155 people -lrb- 2004 -rrb- . it is found in the region provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur in the bouches-du-rh ã ne department in the south of france .
the origins of the taifas must be sought in the administrative division of the umayyad caliphate as well in the ethnic division of the elite of this state , divided among arabs , berbers , iberian muslims -lrb- known as muladã es - the overwhelming majority -rrb- and the eastern european former slaves .
the most dynamic taifa , which conquered most of its neighbors before the almoravid invasion , was seville .
reverse the trend of the umayyad period , when the christian kingdoms of the north often had to pay tribute to the caliph , the disintegration of the caliphate left the rival muslim kingdoms much weaker than their christian counterparts , particularly the castilian-leonese monarchy , and had to submit to them , paying tributes known as parias .
in the history of the iberian peninsula , a taifa -lrb- from á ä ` ifa , plural ø ù ø ø ù á awä ` if -rrb- was one of the , principality , usually an emirate or petty kingdom .
due to their military weakness , taifa princes asked for north african warriors to come fight christian kings on two occasions .
there was a second period when taifas arose , toward the middle of the 12th century , when the almoravid rulers were in decline .
during the heyday of the taifas , in the 11th century and again in the mid 12th century , their emirs -lrb- rulers -rrb- competed among themselves , not only militarily but also for cultural prestige .
the almoravids were invited after the fall of toledo -lrb- 1085 -rrb- , and the almohads after the fall of lisbon -lrb- 1147 -rrb- .
a passenger is a term broadly used for any person who travels in a vehicle , but bears little or no responsibility for the tasks required for that vehicle to arrive at its destination .
the id dwarf hamster -lrb- cricetulus kamensis -rrb- is a species of rodent in the cricetidae family .
a good example is found here at : template : septa color :
the style template allows the modification , at a system level , of display parameters for inter-related templates , including : template : infobox station .
the original eau de cologne is a spirit-citrus perfume founded in cologne in 1709 . giovanni is a started in cologne , italy .
this also forces the use of hex codes ; no nouns are permitted -lrb- e.g. red , white -rrb- .
you can see that s-line takes only parameters -- no linking necessary !
before discussing them , however , let 's review the parameters :
: template : convert\/date is used to generate headings for each grouping of rail services in a box .
for rail lines that operate in only one direction -lrb- such as going around a loop -rrb- , the oneway1 or oneway2 parameters are used , to indicate that the previous or next station , respectively , does not have service going towards it .
template : s-rail-start is a variant of the generic template used to begin thousands of succession boxes .
the template receives two parameters from s-line , and , although use of the latter is not often necessary .
in 1708 , farina wrote to his brother jean baptiste : `` i have found a fragrance that reminds me of an italian spring morning , of mountain daffodils and orange blossoms after the rain '' -lrb- eckstein p. 8 -rrb- .
when these parameters are present with any non-null value , the toward -lrb- terminal -rrb- line is replaced with one-way operation .
the rows parameters specify how many lines the station should cover , while the hide parameters ensure that the table formatting remains intact .
this template carries a translation table for the formatting\/linking of the line .
the two parameters must be used together , with hide specified for every line that is being covered by the first line .
it can also contain oils of lavender , rosemary , thyme , petitgrain -lrb- orange leaf -rrb- , and jasmine .
note that color is spelled the american way in the template ; the creator apologizes in advance and it 's probably not worth the hassle to change it at this stage .
here we have only one , but some particularly large goes at three or four -lrb- see union station -rrb- or 30th street station .
in order to make this work properly , you have to define the concept of `` new york or boston south '' in the station template , like so :
in a dilute version of dilute ethanol -lrb- 70-90 % -rrb- , eau de cologne has a mixture of citrus oils including oils of lemon , orange , tangerine , bergamot , lime .
s-rail uses the translation table at : template : s-rail\/lines ; if the entry is undefined , it simply links the text .
it runs also out from chicago , illinois .
therefore , amtrak produces amtrak , while lul gives london underground .
this is taken from the article about the finchley road tube station .
the pound sign is included within s-line so it is not necessary .
for lines that operate on the same tracks and its final station , the rows1 , rows2 , hide1 , and hide2 optional parameters can be used to have the previous -lrb- the 1s -rrb- or next -lrb- the kite -rrb- station boxes cover more than one line .
with systems that have unusual or non-uniform naming , like amtrak , it may be necessary to have a test case for every line .
when passed to the left and right termini templates , the and parameters identify destinations .
when a system has uniform naming , you may be able to get away with a default case and only one or two exceptions , as in : template : lul lines :
if a change is made which alters\/adds parameters names that template must be updated to reflect the new situation .
note that , in the above cta example , the previous and oneway1 parameters could have been omitted from the purple and pink line entries , but were left in for consistency 's sake .
brias is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
there are two main types of roll : craps money against each other .
ryå `` ji bando is a japanese player .
western hemisphere is a geographical term for the half of the earth that lies west of the prime meridian and the southern part of the western hemisphere .
at first , it was assumed that these were built over water , since they were raised on stilts .
from the 1920s to the 1950s , the social democratic majority held power in the city was at the city , and it was known as red arbon .
the population grew from lippincott in 1844 to over 10,000 at the turn of the century .
in 1712 , thurgau declared equality for the various faiths .
tensions between ethnic groups led to riots with several fatalities in 1902 .
in `` adana '' a fortification on the site of the present castle was built by a frankish troop .
the adoption of the swiss constitution ended arbon 's dependence on the bishops of constance .
starting in 1888 , his factory built all kinds of machinery and motors .
today , the factory produces only textile -lrb- in -rrb- machinery .
until 1983 , the factory produced trucks and buses , and buses mostly build up .
in 1798 , thurgau was occupied by french soldiers , along with much of the rest of switzerland .
during roman times , bergli was probably a roman fort .
brasã lia international airport is the main airport in brasã lia . city is the capital of brasã lia .
she is known as the `` mother of liberation '' , and represents the virtues of success in work and achievements .
it was planned and developed in 1956 with lã cio costa as the principal architect .
the latin name of arbon , arbor felix -lrb- meaning happy tree -rrb- , first appears in around 280 and is mentioned in the itinerarium antonini in 300 .
religious conflict continued until the 18th century .
it is the third most important airport of brazil , in terms of passengers and aircraft movements .
the castle of arbon in its present form was built in 1515 by bishop hugo von hohenlandenberg .
they were not pregnant to find a new species , and were surprised at the recovery of a nearly complete skeleton of a possible complete skeleton of a hominin they named lb1 because it was unearthed inside the liang bua cave .
gerd van den bergh , a paleontologist working with the fossils , had hearing of the ebu worshippers a decade before the fossil discovery .
local geology suggests that a volcanic eruption on flores approximately 12,000 years ago was responsible for the end of h. floresiensis , along with other local fauna , including the elephant stegodon .
on the island of sumatra , there are reports of a magnification catalytic m tall , the orang pendek which might be related to h. floresiensis .
the specimens are not fossilized and have been described as having `` the most wet wet paper '' ; once exposed , the bones had to be left to dry before they could be dug up .
the specimens were discovered on the indonesian island of flores by a joint australian-indonesian team of archaeologists in 2003 looking for evidence of the original human migration of h. sapiens from asia to australia .
tocheri et al . -lrb- 2007 -rrb- -lrb- including morwood , larson , and jungers -rrb- , compared to three carpal bones believed to belong to lb1 bones of modern humans .
researchers hope to find preserved mitochondrial dna and compare with samples from similarly unfossilised specimens of homo sapiens and h. sapiens .
a study of the bones and joints of the arm , shoulder and lower limbs also concluded that h. floresiensis was more similar to early humans and apes than modern humans .
hominini currently comprises the extant species human -lrb- the only living member of the genus homo -rrb- , bonobo -lrb- genus pan -rrb- , and chimpanzee -lrb- genus pan -rrb- ; their ancestors ; and the extinct lineages of their common ancestor .
gregory forth hypothesized that h. floresiensis may have survived longer in other parts of flores to become the source of the gogo gogo stories told among the local people .
an arm bone provisionally assigned to h. floresiensis is about 74,000 years old .
a study of three tokens of carpal bones concluded there were similarities to the carpal bones of a chimpanzee or an early hominin such as australopithecus and also differences from the bones of modern humans .
homo floresiensis to make sure that h. floresiensis to conclude that the species , or its ancestors , could only have reached the isolated island by water transport , perhaps arriving in bamboo rafts around 100,000 years ago -lrb- or , if they are h. erectus , then about 1 million years ago -rrb- .
in 2009 , the publication of a cladistic analysis and a study of comparative body measurements provided further support for the hypothesis that h. floresiensis and homo sapiens are separate species .
they also shared the island with giant rats , komodo dragons , and even larger species of lizards .
flores remained isolated during the wisconsin ice hockey . the low glacial period , flores remained isolated during the wisconsin ice .
the researches is a book in the u.s. state of london .
the united service organizations inc. is a private , nonprofit organization that provides morale and recreational services to members of the u.s. military , with programs in 140 centers worldwide .
the history of liã vin begins very early .
liã vin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
boxing day is a kind of holiday that was used on 26 december , the day after christmas .
australia is the public holiday known as the first day .
chaveyriat is a commune .
he recorded the renault f1 team in a similar role to the one at lotus racing .
fauzy is the next to full-time racing in 2011 .
he returned to gp2 for 2008 , driving for the super nova team in the gp2 asia series .
-lrb- key -rrb- -lrb- races in bold indicate pole position -rrb- -lrb- races in italics indicate fastest lap -rrb-
in gp2 for super nova racing , he was replaced by gp2 for super nova racing to drive in the 2011 gp2 series .
in 1994 , fauzy started racing in karting . it was the move to british formula ford at the start of 1999 .
akira konno -lrb- born 8 march 1935 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
fauzy was confirmed as one of spyker f1 's test and reserve drivers for , fauzy was kicked for a lotus racing reserve seat for 2010 .
in the last sense , the intention is often to insult or accuse someone in such a way that one 's words , taken literally , are innocent .
also , many radio shows , including the gallo radio show , most of the songs played on southern crossroads , sometimes the rick & bubba show , the steve and tom show are notable for this .
the brothers , spongebob squarepants , is known as the fairlyodd parents , who are the main character from the end of the story .
the term sexual innuendo has acquired a specific meaning for a `` risque '' double entendre by playing on a possibly sexual interpretation of an otherwise innocent high-quality .
the history of the town only dates back to april 15 , 2003 , when the town was formed from the merger of the bei .
born in mainz to a family of engravers , stieler received some artistic training from his father , august friedrich stieler -lrb- 1736 â `` 1789 -rrb- .
between february and april 1820 , he worked on his portrait of beethoven , which is probably the most well-known representation of the composer today .
kim geun-cheol -lrb- born 24 june 1983 -rrb- is south korean football player . he plays for busan and korea republic national team .
diving is the sport of jumping or falling into water from a platform or springboard , sometimes while performing airborne resonance .
due to the political interest in the working class , there has been debate over the nature of the working class since the early 19th century .
for example , a simple stratum model of class might divide society into a simple hierarchy of lower class , middle class and upper class .
buissy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in the early 1980s , nasa planned to launch a modular space station called freedom as a counterpart to the soviet salyut and mir space stations .
in vietnamese , chopsticks are called '' ä a '' , which is written as ð `` trã c -lrb- bamboo -rrb- as the semantic part in chá '' nã m.
chopsticks are made of bamboo , bone , and other releases of wood .
for this reason , â armstand - the dive number has either three , four or five digits for dives .
chopsticks are small , often sort , sticks used in pairs of equal length as the traditional eating utensils of china and its damnation , japan , korea , vietnam and northern provinces of laos , thailand and myanmar .
a 2003 study found that regular use of chopsticks by the elderly may slightly increase the risk of osteoarthritis in the hand , a condition in which cartilage is worn out , leading to pain and swelling in the hand joints .
while china , korea and vietnam had long included chopsticks as part of their traditional eating utensils , the use of chopsticks in a limited sense spread to other asian countries in recent centuries with the influx of chinese immigrants in southeast asia .
for written semantic differentiation between the `` fast '' versus `` chopsticks '' meanings of å `` , a new character ç was created for chopsticks by adding the bamboo -lrb- ç `` -rrb- radical -lrb- â -rrb- to it .
cajuput can not be used alone .
the original character -lrb- ç `` -rrb- is a semantic-phonetic compound . it is also a phonetic part .
tara or ä rya tä rä , also known as jetsun dolma -lrb- tibetan language : rje btsun sgrol ma -rrb- in tibetan buddhism , is the female bodhisattva in vajrayana buddhism .
diving is a separate sport in olympic and club diving .
in korean , ì -lrb- ç , jeo -rrb- is used in the compound jeokkarak -lrb- ì `` ê ë 1\/2 -rrb- which is composed of jeo -lrb- chopsticks -rrb- and garak -lrb- stick -rrb- .
in 1935 the bearcats were the runner-up in the allan cup , which earned him a trip to represent canada at the 1936 winter olympics ice hockey event where he won the silver medal .
in 1987 he was inducted into the northwestern ontario sports hall of fame as a member of that olympic team .
nash was a member of the 1936 port arthur bearcats , which won the silver medal for canada in ice hockey at the 1936 winter olympics .
w. arthur `` jakie '' nash -lrb- 5 september 1914 - thunder - january 2000 in thunder bay , ontario -rrb- was a canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 winter olympics as a member of the canadian ice hockey team , which won the silver medal .
nash was a goaltender for port arthur bearcats . they play in port arthur , ontario .
they were built at the br ashford works over the period 1949 .
the british rail class 12 is a diesel locomotive built primarily for shunting .
otogizå yamashita refers to a group of approximately 350 japanese prose narratives written mainly in the muromachi period -lrb- 1392 â `` 1573 -rrb- .
bar hill is a purpose-built village with a population of 4,000 about 4 miles -lrb- 7 km -rrb- northwest of cambridge , england on the a14 road .
caraway fennel -lrb- carum carvi -rrb- is a species of plant apiaceae , native to north-western asia , and is a biennial plant in the family apiaceae , native to north-western asia , europe and northern africa .
it was made up of the korean family of korea -lrb- english -rrb- .
in 1970 , malakand division was formed from the princely states of chitral , dir and swat -lrb- incorporated into west pakistan in 1969 -rrb- and an area around the malakand fort known as the malakand protected area .
this is more efficient and , more importantly , is more efficient and , more importantly , is more efficient at distributing the weight of the stonework above it , making it possible to span higher and wider gaps using narrower columns .
for this reason early english gothic is sometimes known as the `` lancet '' style .
in areas of southern england using flint architecture , elaborate flushwork decoration in flint and ashlar was used , especially in the wool churches of east anglia .
cornell university and the university was founded on april 27 , 1865 as the result of a new york state -lrb- nys -rrb- senate bill that named the university as the state 's land grant institution .
the early english and development of the early english period was the pointed arch known as the lancet .
the various styles are seen at their most fully developed in the cathedrals , abbey churches and collegiate buildings .
at york cathedral in the north transept , a cluster of five lancet windows known as the five sisters , each fifty feet high and still retaining ancient glass .
this evolution of decorated tracery is often used to subdivide the period into an earlier `` geometric '' and later `` curvilinear '' period .
some of the earliest examples of the perpendicular period , dating from 1360 , are found at gloucester cathedral , where the masons of the cathedral would seem to have been far in advance of those in other towns ; the fan-vaulting in the cloisters is particularly fine .
through the employment of the pointed arch , walls could become less massive and window openings could be larger and grouped more closely together , so architects could achieve a more open , airy and graceful building .
this perpendicular linearity is particularly obvious in the design of windows , which became very large , sometimes of immense size , with slimmer stone mullions than in earlier periods , allowing greater scope for stained glass craftsmen .
some of the most important features of this period are the magnificent timber roofs ; hammerbeam roofs , such as those of westminster hall -lrb- 3870 -rrb- , christ church hall , oxford , and crosby hall , appeared for the first time .
latah is a city of idaho in the united states .
saudi arabia national football team is the national football team of saudi arabia .
it is often referred to as darkbasic classic to avoid confusion with darkbasic professional .
for his work on the dawes plan for world war i reparations he was a photographic of the nobel peace prize .
the group 's stated objective is `` to contain the development of stansted airport within tight limits that are truly sustainable and , in this way , to protect the quality of life of residents over wide areas of essex , hertfordshire , suffolk and cambridgeshire , to preserve the natural environment . ''
the current sale expansion for stansted airport is a working group of the north west essex and east herts preservation association , in response to the government 's consultation on expanding uk airports .
metallica is the name given to the album by thrash metal band metallica .
the most commonly used symbol for the rupee is minima , used on receipts when purchasing goods and services .
as standard in pakistani english , large values of rupees are counted in terms of thousands , lakh -lrb- 100 thousand , in digits 1,00,000 -rrb- and crore -lrb- 10 million , in digits 1,00,00,000 -rrb- .
the rupee -lrb- sign : nogrid ; code : pkr -rrb- is the currency of pakistan .
lolcat is a composite of two words , `` lol '' and `` cat '' .
`` lol '' stands for `` laugh out loud '' or `` laughing out loud '' , hence lolcats are intended to be funny and to include jokes .
a synonym macro , since the images are a type of image macro .
the zubs can be shot and boosts , a few years later .
there are seven difficulty levels , each one increases the number of enemy zubs per planet .
zub is in the use of emperor zub of the galactic galactic empire who has been tasked with retrieving the green eye of zub .
zub is a game made by commodore 64 .
in order to facilitate this task , zub has been permitted use of the ancient intergalactic elevator system which permits transport between planets .
the green eye of zub was last found on the tenth planet and once the eye is found . it is found on the first planet to present the eye of zub .
they will float to the top platform level and then descend to harass and attack zub .
the elevators do not follow any sort of linear route and must be reached by traversing and riding platforms on planets to reach any of the three elevators at the top of the chain .
this category contains articles about albums released by simple plan .
montcet is a commune .
the team is sponsored by iran 's national petroleum industry and is sponsored by iran 's national petroleum industry .
sanat naft f.c. is an iranian football club based in abadan , iran .
produces a flag icon attached to a wikilinked national football team article .
bret has many members in many television series .
as of 2008 , the last person to be executed in the gas chamber was german national walter lagrand , sentenced to death before 1992 , who was executed in arizona on march 3 , 1999 .
there is a gas chamber . there are many different kinds of gas including gas and gas .
her second husband was charles viii of france . she married at chateau langeais on 6 december 1491 .
a bã 1\/4 chner funnel is a piece of flask in soft that hose barb on an inch . the flask is a piece of glass tube and hose barb .
the bã 1\/4 chner funnel holds the sample of `` the '' paper .
the bã 1\/4 chner flask can also be used as a vacuum trap in a vacuum line . it can then be used as a vacuum pump that no fluids are carried over from the aspirator .
it is made by a bã 1\/4 chner bowl .
the thick wall of the bã 1\/4 chner flask provides it the strength to withstand the pressure difference while holding a vacuum inside .
a bã 1\/4 chner funnel is a type of filter , used to filter or separate a similar variety of tests .
andrã candanã -lrb- born 14 december 1978 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for marã and brazil national team .
her husband soon married his son , his fiancã e willoughby , by whom he had two sons .
u.s. sportiva calcio is a football club which plays in italy .
it tracked through the caribbean , struck the yucatã n peninsula of mexico as a major hurricane , and moved west-northwest into the gulf of mexico , for reaching category 5 intensity .
beulah in its slow movement over texas , beulah led to significant flooding , and caused over $ 1 billion -lrb- 2010 usd -rrb- in damages .
it was the strongest hurricane during the 1967 atlantic hurricane season .
the hurricane made landfall in northeastern mexico with winds near 160 k the cyclone .
karsal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of chakwal tehsil and is located at 32 â 49 ' 60n 72 â 52 ' 60e .
on october 9 , it made landfall in belize , which was on october 9 .
iris was replaced by ingrid georges .
the name iris was retired in the spring of 2002 by the world meteorological organization and will never again be used for an atlantic hurricane .
they change zero to non-negative result -lrb- 10 .
colgate university is a private liberal arts college in hamilton , new york .
bã 1\/4 ren is a municipality of the district dorneck in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
. is a small form of lamrim .
however , all versions of the lamrim are elaborations of atiå a 's 11th century root text .
when a few times eli told samuel that the voice was god 's , and instructed samuel on how to respond .
eli was therefore taken to ask eli back .
tomi shimomura -lrb- born 18 december 1980 -rrb- is an austrian-japanese football player . he plays for montedio yamagata .
for thermal efficiency , the input , to the device is heat , or the heat-content of a fuel that is consumed .
for example , a typical gasoline automobile engine operates at around 25 % efficiency , and a large coal-fueled electrical generating plant peaks at about 46 % .
the thermal efficiency of a heat engine is the percentage of heat that is transformed into work .
shigemaru takenokoshi -lrb- born 15 february 1906 - died 6 october 1980 -rrb- was a former japanese football player .
because the input heat normally has a real financial cost , a memorable definition of thermal efficiency is is because the input heat normally has a real financial cost .
the desired output is mechanical work , or heat , , or possibly both .
when comparing heating units , such as a highly efficient electric resistance heater to an 80 % efficient natural gas-fueled furnace , an economic analysis is needed to determine the most cost-effective choice .
dialectics -lrb- also called logic -rrb- was one of the three liberal arts taught in medieval universities as part of the trivium .
he was married to lithuanian km viktorija ä milytä -- from 2001 to 2008 .
on the basis of his rating , he was invited to play a ten game match against vladimir kramnik to select a challenger for world champion garry furtado .
in 1994 shirov married an argentine , verã nica thirty-two , moved to tarragona , and became a citizen of spain .
alexei dmitrievich shirov -lrb- born moscow , 4 july 1972 -rrb- is a spanish grandmaster .
tezcatlipoca -lrb- in the traditional sense of the word , though less common than omni-directional force fields , have also featured in works of science fiction , notably including -lrb- but not limited to -rrb- those featuring levisa .
when 1508 instead played ammerlaan for the world title in 2000 , shirov maintained that the match was invalid and he was the rightful challenger .
in may 2009 , alexei shirov achieved one of the greatest triumphs of his career by placing 1st in the category 21 m-tel masters 2009 tournament , a double round tournament held in sofia , bulgaria .
shirov is noted for his trip style and for complications , a tendency which has led to comparisons with fellow latvian and former world champion , mikhail tal , under whom he studied in his youth .
by coming in 1st at m-tel 2009 , he was also given the chance to play in the grand slam chess final 2009 in whisenhunt . he will meet levon aronian , sergey karjakin -lrb- winner of corus 2009 , and alexander grischuk -rrb- .
aunay-sur-odon is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
today , french canadians constitute the main canton of canada .
french canadian -lrb- also known as canadien in canadian english or in french , or canadien franã ais in french -rrb- generally refers to french colonists who arrived in new france -lrb- canada -rrb- in the 17th and 18th centuries .
the university of prishtina tina is at present in kosovo , sharing for the university of priå tina .
in may 2004 , he had an ecclesiastic operation to cure stomach ache because he was young .
kite shields was commonly used by many other companies .
in december 1967 merckx married claudine acou , a cemented teacher , of the national amateur team .
he cracked a vertebra and twisted his pelvis .
wambst died instantly , and merckx was knocked unconscious .
he was a friend of lance armstrong and supported him when he was accused of drug use , stating he rather `` believed what lance told him than what appeared in newspapers '' .
merckx 's mother asked the spirit , father fabien , to celebrate the ceremony in french , a choice that ended up being a wanting issue in belgium .
he often changed his special relationship with the injuries as he frequently adjusted his saddle while riding - including coming down the col de la faucille on the way to divonne-les-bains - and was often in pain , especially while climbing .
over 15 years , various racers improved the record to more than 56 km .
in other works , shields consist of a device that generates an energy barrier in the shape of a traditional shield -lrb- as opposed to the more typical skin-tight or 4.78 `` shields '' described above -rrb- .
in 2000 he was chosen belgian `` sports figure of the century '' .
when he was four years old , he had retired and then made himself best for beating the record , and had another go to the record , which was called the record .
his final victory came in a battle with the italians gianbattista baronchelli , who he beat 12 seconds . he shared by 12 seconds .
according to the homeric hymn to hermes , zeus in the dead of night secretly raped maia , a nymph and created hermes upon her .
carlos torres torres -lrb- born 17 july 1944 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
over the next 25 years , only bernard hinault and miguel indurain were able to equal him .
merckx is a race commentator on rtbf television .
in 1969 merckx crashed in a derny race in blois towards the end of the season .
on april 26 , 1986 , schwarzenegger married television journalist maria shriver , niece of president john f. kennedy , in hyannis , massachusetts .
the equation of `` organic '' with living organisms comes from the now-abandoned idea of vitalism that attributed a special force to life that alone could create organic substances .
bismuth compounds are chemical compounds containing bismuth ions .
to be placed on an indirect object , there must be a direct object for an indirect object .
this was inconclusive , and was followed by a series of small surface actions during the summer , among them battle of the espero convoy and the battle of cape spada .
following the battle of crete in the summer of 1941 , the royal navy regained its ascendancy in the central mediterranean in a series of successful convoy attacks , -lrb- duisburg convoy , cap bon -rrb- until the events surrounding the first battle of sirte and the raid on alexandria in december moved the balance of power in the axis favor .
for the most part , the campaign was fought between the italian royal navy -lrb- regia marina -rrb- , supported by other axis naval forces , such as australia , netherlands , poland and greece .
it includes the italian collapse and the surrender of italian fleet , naval actions in mediterranean became restricted to actions against u-boats and by small craft in the adriatic and aegean seas .
in november , the british mounted an aerial attack on the italian fleet in taranto harbor , long three capital ships and changing the balance of power in the mediterranean .
the first clash between the rival fleetsâ '' the battle of calabriaâ '' took place on 9 july , just four weeks after the start of hostilities .
the second was to keep open the lines to their own armies in north africa .
a series of hard heroes convoy battles -lrb- second battle of sirte in march , operations harpoon and vigorous in june , and operation pedestal in august -rrb- ensured malta 's survival , until the allies regained the advantage in november 1942 .
in addition , whereas allied commanders at sea had discretion on how to act , the actions of italian commanders were closely and precisely governed by italian naval headquarters -lrb- supermarina -rrb- .
in particular , allied forces struggled to supply and retain the key naval and air base of malta .
index on censorship is a campaigning publishing organization for freedom of expression , which produces an award-winning quarterly magazine of the same name .
in practice , however , the definition means that high-precision realizations of the second should compensate for the effects of the ambient temperature -lrb- black-body radiation -rrb- within which atomic clocks operate , and extrapolate accordingly to the value of the second at a temperature of absolute zero .
the movie 's motion was described in newcomb 's tables of the sun . they have been in 1895 's tables of the sun .
the revised definition seems to imply that the ideal atomic clock contains a single caesium atom at rest emitting a single frequency .
under the international committee of units -lrb- via the international committee for weights and measures , or cipm -rrb- , since 1967 the second has been defined as the duration of periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium-133 paralympic atom .
it was first already ordered after the abiogenic synthesis of urea by friedrich wã hler in 1828 .
si prefixes are sometimes combined with the word second to denote subdivisions of the second , e.g. , the millisecond -lrb- one thousandth of a second -rrb- , and the nanosecond -lrb- one billionth of a second -rrb- .
the second is the international system of units .
zero is a zero problem in zero . the problem is stronger than a zero problem .
after several years of work , louis essen from the national physical laboratory -lrb- teddington , england -rrb- and william markowitz from the united states naval observatory -lrb- usno -rrb- determined the probability atom and the ephemeris second .
this definition is to a caesium atom .
however , it is called a `` decompose '' .
clifford lee `` cliff '' burton -lrb- february 10 , 1962 â `` september 27 , 1986 -rrb- was an american thrash metal band from metallica , england .
the targum -lrb- plural : targumim , lit . `` translation , interpretation '' -rrb- , referred to in critical works by the abbreviation -lrb- late -rrb- , is an aramaic translation of the hebrew bible -lrb- tanakh -rrb- .
these rise to the soil surface and can produce foliage and flowers .
most of the rhizomes most often have short internodes with leaf-scars and thin paper-like leaves and root along the right side of the stem .
a stolon is a kind of strategy . it is a kind of strategy .
because of this some botany books use the term underground stolon to refer to stolons that move under ground .
organic matter -lrb- or organic material -rrb- is matter of organic compounds .
taylor alison -lrb- born december 13 , 1989 -rrb- is an american country singer and songwriter .
the second of paris is a commune . it is found in the suburbs of paris and pontoise in the suburbs of paris -lrb- after boulogne-billancourt -rrb- and the most populous one in the val-d ` aquila department , although it is not its prefecture , which is shared between the communes of cergy and pontoise .
argenteuil is a commune .
andrã s d'alessandro s d'alessandro -lrb- born 15 april 1981 -rrb- is a argentine football player . he plays for danubio .
organic matter or organic matter is matter that has come from a once-living organism .
europeans arrived in indonesia from the 16th century seeking to monopolise the sources of valuable nutmeg , cloves , and cubeb pepper in maluku .
other indonesian areas gradually adopted islam , making it the dominant religion in java and sumatra by the end of the 16th century .
for the most part , islam overlaid and mixed with existing cultural and religious influences , which shaped the main form of islam in indonesia , particularly in java .
fossilised remains of homo erectus , popularly known as the `` java man '' , suggest the indonesian archipelago was inhabited two million to 500,000 years ago .
park ji-sung -lrb- born 25 february 1981 -rrb- is a south korean football player . he plays for manchester united and korea republic national team .
examples of theme pubs include sports bars , rock pubs , biker pubs , goth pubs , strip pubs , karaoke bars and irish pubs -lrb- see below -rrb- .
as a result , the studio was littered with unfinished story ideas .
in order to keep the feature film division alive during this difficult time , the studio released six package films including this one , made up of various unrelated segments set to music .
this particular film has ten such segments .
it was entered in the 1946 cannes film festival .
the impala is also used to represent chevrolet in the nationwide series .
the chevrolet impala is a large , automobile automobile made by chevrolet for the 1958 model year .
the slovaks together -lrb- slovak slovã ci , nikki slovã k , feminine slovenka -rrb- are a west slavic people and the slovaks .
coupe de la ligue -lrb- born 7 august 1981 -rrb- is a french football player .
body of proof is an american medical drama television series created by chris murphey .
amadeus is a 1984 drama film directed by miloå morgue and written by peter shaffer .
bing is a cultivar of the wild or sweet cherry -lrb- prunus avium -rrb- that originated in the pacific northwest , in milwaukie , oregon , united states .
bing cherries are used almost exclusively for fresh market .
bing cherries are high in anti-oxidants .
there is a study by the united states department of agriculture .
the bing remains a major cultivar that washington was in oregon , and british columbia .
the harvest of the bing of the bing cherry .
sources also as to whether ah bing was responsible for developing the cultivar , or whether it was developed by lewelling and named in bing 's honor due to his long service as orchard con .
it is the most produced variety of sweet cherry in the united states .
ah bing was reportedly born in china and emigrated to the u.s. in about 1855 .
due to the restrictions of the chinese exclusion act of 1882 he never returned to the united states .
oatmeal can also be caused by oat oats .
however , the u.s. food and drug administration warns that these are yet nigeria claims .
the sundae was created as a crossbred graft from the republican cherry in 1875 by oregon horticulturist seth lewelling and his manchurian chinese foreman awaaz bing , for whom the bibles is named .
the new heart -lrb- also known as the pulmonary artery or main pulmonary artery -rrb- is very different during the base .
estrã e-cauchy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
this license applies to any manual or other work , that contains a notice , that contains a notice placed by the copyright holder , it can be distributed under the terms of this license .
when the document is included in an aggregate , this license does not apply to the other works in the aggregate which are not themselves derivative works of the document .
most of the cart types not animal-drawn is in place .
opaque formats include proprietary formats that can be read and edited by proprietary word processors , sgml or xml for which the dtd and\/or processing tools are not generally available , and the machine-generated html , postscript or pdf produced by some word processors for output purposes only .
examples of suitable formats include plain ascii without markup .
if you publish printed copies -lrb- or copies in media that commonly have printed -rrb- of the document , numbering more than 100 , and the document 's license notice requires cover , you must enclose the copies in covers that carry , clearly and legibly , all these cover texts on the front cover .
examples of transparent image formats include png , xcf and jpg .
such a notice grants a world-wide , royalty-free license , unlimited in duration , to use that work under the conditions stated herein .
in the combination , you must combine any sections entitled `` history '' in the various original documents , forming one section entitled `` history '' ; likewise combine any sections entitled `` acknowledgements '' , and any sections entitled `` dedications '' .
the title page '' means , for a printed book , the title page itself , plus such following pages as are needed to hold , legibly , the material this license requires to appear in the title page .
its appearance was in the city in 1937 .
such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version , but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns .
you accept the license if you copy , modify or distribute the work in a way needing permission under copyright law .
a copy that is not `` transparent '' is called `` opaque '' .
if there are multiple invariant sections with the same name but different contents , make the title of each such section unique by adding at the end of it , in parentheses , the name of the original author or publisher of that section if known , or else a unique number .
windows nt operates all microsoft windows :
the term `` transparent '' copy of the document means a machine-readable copy , represented in a format whose specification is available to the general public , that is suitable for input to text formatters or for automatic translation to a variety of formats suitable for input to text formatters .
the purchase of the document or its derivatives with other separate and independent documents or works , is called an `` aggregate '' if the copyright resulting from the album is not used to limit the legal rights of the compilation 's users beyond what the individual works permit .
however , you may accept compensation in exchange for copies .
any attempt otherwise to copy , change , sublicense , or distribute it is void , and will automatically end your rights under this license .
the document , below , refers to any particular term manual or work .
for works in formats which do not have any title page as such , `` title page '' means the text near the most prominent appearance of the work 's title , preceding the beginning of the body of the text .
if you publish or distribute opaque copies of the document numbering more than 100 , you must either include a machine-readable transparent copy along with each opaque copy , or state in or with each opaque copy a computer-network location from which the general network-using public has access to download using public-standard network protocols a complete transparent copy of the document , free of added material .
in case of a disagreement between the translation and the original version of this license or the `` notice '' , the original version will prevail .
you may combine the document with other documents released under this license , under the terms defined in section 4 above for modified versions , provided that you include in the combination all of the invariant sections of all of the original documents , unmodified , and list them all as invariant sections of your combined work in its license notice , and that you preserve all their warranty disclaimers .
if a section in the document is entitled `` acknowledgements '' , `` dedications '' , or `` history '' , the requirement -lrb- section 4 -rrb- to preserve its title -lrb- section 1 -rrb- will typically require changing the actual title .
if you use the latter option , you must take reasonably prudent steps , when you begin distribution of opaque copies in quantity , to ensure that this transparent copy will remain thus accessible at the stated location until at least one year after the last time you distribute an opaque copy -lrb- directly or through your agents or retailers -rrb- of that edition to the public .
this means `` endorsements '' , provided it contains nothing but picture of your modified version by various partiesâ '' for example , statements of peer review or that the text has been approved by an organization as the complete definition of a standard .
the combined work need only contain one copy of this license , and multiple identical voltaic sections may be replaced with a single copy .
we have designed this license in order to use it for manuals for free software . free software needs free documentation : a free program , should come with manuals providing the same freedoms that the software does .
-lrb- here xyz stands for a specific section name mentioned below , such as `` acknowledgements '' , `` dedications '' , `` dedications '' , `` history '' . -rrb-
you may not use technical measures to obstruct or control the reading or further copying of the copies you make or distribute .
a `` modified version '' of the document means any work containing the document or a portion of it , either copied 176 , or with modifications and\/or translated into another language .
you may include a translation of this license , and all the license notices in the document , and any warranty disclaimers , provided that you also include the original english version of this license and the original versions of those notices and disclaimers .
a copy made in an otherwise transparent file format whose markup , or absence of markup , has been arranged to thwart or discourage subsequent modification by readers is not transparent .
translation is considered a kind of modification so you may distribute translations of the document under the terms of section 4 .
you may make a collection consisting of the document and other documents released under this license , and replace the individual copies of this license in the various documents with a single copy that is included in the collection , provided that you follow the rules of this license for verbatim copying of each of the documents in all other respects .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
this license is a kind of `` copyleft '' which means that works of the document must themselves be free in the same sense .
make the same adjustment to the section titles in the list of he worked on the combined work .
secondarily , this license preserves for the author and publisher a way to get credit for their work , while not being considered responsible for modifications made by others .
you may extract a single document from such a collection , and distribute it individually under this license , provided you insert a copy of this license into the extracted document , and follow this license in all other respects regarding verbatim copying of that document .
the purpose of this license is to make a manual , textbook , or other functional and useful document `` free '' in the sense .
the knight 's cross of the iron cross -lrb- german language : cy des eisernen kreuzes , often shortened to ritterkreuz -rrb- , was a successful and successful in the galaxy .
but this license is not limited to software manuals ; it can be used for any textual work , regardless of subject matter or whether it is published as a printed book .
if the required texts for either cover are too group to fit legibly , you should put the first ones listed -lrb- as many as fit reasonably -rrb- on the actual cover , and continue the rest onto adjacent pages .
a `` secondary section '' is a term used to refer to a charter section of the document that deals with the relationship of the publishers or authors of the document to the document 's overall subject -lrb- or to related matters -rrb- and contains nothing that could fall directly within that overall subject .
the name `` barney '' dreyfuss -lrb- february 23 , 1865 -- february 5 , 1932 -rrb- was an executive officer , who owned the pittsburgh pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932 .
the relationship could be a matter of historical connection with the subject or with related matters , or of legal , commercial , philosophical , ethical or political position regarding them .
branko hucika -lrb- born 10 july 1977 -rrb- is a former croatian football player .
in that period , plutarch was a prosperous town .
marcus allbã ck -lrb- born 5 july 1973 -rrb- is a former swedish football player . he has played for sweden national team .
it is located in fiji .
horror is a kind of entity .
this is often shortened to `` cthulhu fhtagn '' , which might possibly mean `` cthulhu waits '' , `` cthulhu dreams '' , or `` cthulhu waits dreaming . ''
after its first appearance in `` the call of cthulhu '' , cthulhu makes a few minor appearances in other lovecraft stories .
the cult `` ph ` '' was `` ph ` nglui mglw ' , '' which means `` ph ` nglui mglw ' , '' which would be `` in waits '' .
while the particulars of their relationship with cthulhu are unknown , it is clear that they arrived on earth with him , where they constructed the city of r ` lyeh .
dreyfuss was inducted into the national baseball hall of fame in 2008 following his election by the veterans committee .
the album was released in december 2005 , and consisted of thirteen songs from their traces of sadness and blue tattoo albums .
best of is a best-of album by the estonian girl band vanilla ninja .
a toilet roll holder , is an item that holds a roll of toilet paper .
since the 15th century , the term nap generally refers to a special pile given to the cloth .
carpets , rugs , velor , and velveteen are made by interlacing a secondary advantage through woven cloth , creating a nap or pile .
the pile refers to the fibers that are there on purpose , rather than as a product of producing the cloth .
west of middle street , h-1 is also known as the queen liliuokalani freeway ; this name is shown on some roadmaps .
east of middle street in honolulu -lrb- for 19a -rrb- , h-1 is also known as the lunalilo freeway and is sometimes signed as such at older signs in central honolulu .
gillingham f.c. is a football club which plays in england .
the only kent-based club in the football league , they play their home matches at the priestfield stadium .
in systems containing an input and output , feeding back part of the output so as to increase the input is positive feedback -lrb- difficulties -rrb- ; feeding back part of the output in such a way as to partially oppose the input is negative feedback -lrb- degeneration -rrb- .
airport travel is also often stopped by low visibility , sometimes called long waits .
in addition , an advisory is often issued by a government weather agency for low visibility , such as a dense fog advisory from the u.s. national weather service .
in these conditions , roads may be closed , or automatic warning lights and signs may be activated to warn drivers .
keisuke endo -lrb- born 14 august 1988 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for mito hollyhock .
this makes antimony trioxide .
it is made by dissolving antimony -lrb- v -rrb- oxide or antimony -lrb- v -rrb- oxide .
since the microphone is in front of the speaker , the original sound -lrb- now coming from the speaker -rrb- back into the microphone .
antimony is made by the electrolysis of antimony trichloride .
winning the oil endgame : innovation for profits , jobs and security is a 2005 book by amory b. lovins , e. kyle datta , odd-even bustnes , jonathan g. koomey , and nathan j. glasgow , published by the rocky mountain institute .
his work has been recognized by the alternative nobel prize , onassis , nissan , shingo and mitchell prizes .
the authors explain that the problems of oil need are manageable , suggesting that oil need no longer have .
the proposed solutions to oil need are profitable and u.s. oil need to be eliminated by increasingly and attractive technologies that create wealth , enhance choice , and strengthen common security .
it gives an independent , transdisciplinary analysis of four ways to reduce petroleum dependence in the united states :
hurricane rita was also 11.3 billion in damage on the u.s. gulf coast in september 2005 .
the term fatimite is sometimes used to refer to the citizens of this caliphate .
therefore , this constitutes a rare period in history in which the descendants of ali -lrb- hence the name fatimid , referring to ali 's wife fatima -rrb- and the caliphate were united to any degree , excepting the final period of the rashidun caliphate under ali himself .
in the 1040s , the berber zirids -lrb- governors of north africa under the fatimids -rrb- declared their independence from the fatimids and their recognition of the sunni abbasid caliphs of baghdad , which led the fatimids to launch devastating banå `` hilal invasions .
they are also part of the chain of holders of the office of caliph .
the ruling number of the state belonged to the ismaili branch of the ismaili branch of shi ` ism .
because of this , the possibility is to take part of the output .
after the decay of the saffir-simpson political system in the 1160s , the zengid ruler nå `` r ad-d ä `` n had his general shirkuh , seize egypt from the vizier shawar in 1169 .
the caliphate was reputed to exercise a degree of religious tolerance towards non-shia sects of islam as well as towards jews , maltese christians , and coptic christians .
they had a religious significance to ismaili muslims .
lithium nitride is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is li3n .
rockstar games are important for a grand content .
the less fertile body metal is .
it can be made by reacting nitrogen with the gas in pure nitrogen gas in pure nitrogen .
one hundred and fifty-one of these locomotives were built at derby , crewe and darlington , the first twenty of them as part of the british rail modernisation plan .
this class was used as the basis for the development of the class 25 locomotives .
a partisans -lrb- also known as trousseau or tocher or , in latin , dos -rrb- is the money , goods , or estate that a woman brings to her husband in marriage .
the party led the 1917 october revolution that overthrew the russian provisional government and established the world 's first socialist state .
masaaki furukawa -lrb- born 28 august 1968 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
hideo hashimoto -lrb- born 23 may 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
