it is the county seat of alfalfa county .
cherokee is a city of oklahoma in the united states .
sight is very important for most lizards , both for locating prey and for communication . many lizards have highly acute color vision .
anoxic events may have caused mass extinctions .
there are many feast days which honor the virgin mary , such as the nativity of the blessed virgin on 8 september which remembers her birth .
riluzole is believed to make damage smaller to motor neurons by decreasing the release of glutamate , a substance that is found in most als patients .
other treatments for als are designed to make symptoms less painful and improve the quality of life for patients .
about 75 % of people have limb onset als .
other limb onset patients first see the effects of the disease on a hand or arm as they have a difficult time with simple tasks requiring hand dexterity , or ability to move small things , such as buttoning a shirt , writing , or turning a key in a lock .
his wife was simone duvalier , and his son , jean-claude duvalier succeeded him as president .
franã ois duvalier -lrb- 14 april 1907 - 21 april 1971 -rrb- , known as `` papa doc '' , was the president -lrb- dictator -rrb- and head of state of haiti from 1957 until his death .
double bass players in jazz bands or rock bands often connect their double bass to an electronic amplifier and a loudspeaker , to make a louder , stronger sound . this makes it easier for the double bass player , the other musicians , and the audience to hear the double bass 's musical notes .
henry iii was unable to be crowned in london when he first came to the throne because the french prince louis -lrb- later louis viii -rrb- had taken control of the city .
this system is particularly useful for basslines that have a repeating pedal point such as a low d , because once the note is locked in place with the mechanical `` finger '' , the lowest string then sounds a different note when it is played `` open '' -lrb- e.g. , a low d -rrb- .
in the united states , canada and united kingdom , most professional orchestral players use four-string double basses with a `` c extension , '' which extends the lowest string down as far as low c , an octave below the lowest note on the cello .
the advantage of this `` fingered '' extension is that the player can adjust the intonation of all of the stopped notes on the extension , and there are no mechanical noises from metal keys and levers .
the simplest type of mechanical aid is the use of wooden `` fingers '' that can be closed to press the string down and fret the c # , d , eb , or e notes .
throughout classical repertoire , there are notes that fall below the range of a standard double bass .
in the simplest version , there are no mechanical aids attached to the fingerboard extension except a locking nut for the `` e '' note .
more rarely would one find a four-string double bass with a `` b extension '' , extending the lowest string down to a low b. the extension is an extra section of fingerboard mounted up over the head of the bass .
the double bass is generally tuned in fourths , in contrast to members of the orchestral string family , which are tuned in fifths .
throughout classical repertoire , there are notes that fall below the range of a standard double bass . notes below low e appear regularly in double bass parts in the baroque and classical eras , when the double bass was typically doubling the cello part an octave below .
the double bass also has many other names .
in an orchestra , double bass players bow the strings with a wooden bow strung with horsehair , or pluck the strings with their fingers -lrb- plucking the strings is called pizzicato -rrb- . in jazz the double bass is played pizzicato most of the time .
notes below low e appear regularly in double bass parts in the baroque and classical eras , when the double bass was typically doubling the cello part an octave below .
it is also spoken as a second language by some brahui .
gauchin-verloingt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
this kind of bibliography is not concerned with the written content of books , but rather the `` bookness '' of books - â `` how they were designed , edited , printed , circulated , reprinted and collected .
another meaning of bibliography is the academic study of books as physical and cultural objects ; in this sense , it is also known as bibliology .
bibliography -lrb- greek î î î î '' î ï = book î ï î ï î = write -rrb- is the arrangement of printed books and articles according to author or subject , and the publication of lists of titles .
the emmy awards are united states television production awards which are given out each year . they are the television version of the academy awards .
the best-known of the awards are the primetime awards -lrb- some of which are named `` creative arts emmys '' -rrb- and the daytime emmy awards .
shirley dinsdale was the very first person to be given an emmy in the first awards ceremony .
kursi aur qanoon is a pakistani punjabi film directed by syed noor .
a normal pole is about 12 â `` 16 feet -lrb- 4 â `` 5 m -rrb- long and weighs about 10 lb -lrb- 5 kg -rrb- .
poles for pleasure punts are normally made of spruce , or aluminium .
a punt is a flat boat with a broad front , designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water .
jive later released a reel big fish greatest hits album , greatest hit ... and more , because they owned the rights to all previous songs .
the band formed their own label and released a 3-disc live performance cd\/dvd set , our live album is better than your live album .
king edward 's chair -lrb- or st edward 's chair -rrb- , is the throne on which british sovereigns sit when the crown is put on their heads . it is kept in the abbey , and has been used at every coronation since 1308 .
gã 1\/4 nter netzer -lrb- born 14 september 1944 -rrb- is a former german football player .
once a coastal city near the mouth of the then euphrates river on the persian gulf , ur is now well inland , south of the euphrates on its right bank , 16 k from nasiriyah , iraq .
longinus ' legend grew over the years to the point that he was said to have converted to christianity after the crucifixion , and he is traditionally venerated as a saint in various christian denominations .
the longinus legend further identifies this soldier as the centurion present at the crucifixion , who testified , `` in truth this man was son of god . ''
the himalayan elm -lrb- ulmus wallichiana -rrb- planch . , also known as the kashmir elm , found in kashmir .
anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa are two of the most common eating disorders today .
initially he was a bad guy and naruto 's rival . after a while the two develop a bond as kindred spirits and become close friends .
he is known as gaara of the sand in the viz translation , and sabaku no gaara -lrb- gaara of the desert -rrb- in the original japanese . initially he was a bad guy and naruto 's rival .
he is known as gaara of the sand in the viz translation , and sabaku no gaara -lrb- gaara of the desert -rrb- in the original japanese .
sebastiã n battaglia -lrb- born 8 november 1980 -rrb- is an argentine football player . he plays for boca juniors and argentina national team .
the metropolitan transportation authority police , or mta police , is the police force of new york 's metropolitan transportation authority local railroad , or mta .
officers of the mta police are ful police officers in new york state and in the state of connecticut .
open source is a kind of software . it is different from other software because the source code is available to everyone .
wikipedia uses open source too . the open source movement is led by the open source initiative .
it is europe 's most complete neolithic village . the level of preservation is such that it is a main part of the unesco world heritage site of the heart of neolithic orkney .
stuttering therapy this therapy is also known as `` speak more fluently '' , `` prolonged speech '' or `` connected speech . '' it trains stutterers to speak fluently -lrb- without the â bumpy bitsâ -rrb- by controlling their breathing and how they move their lips , jaw , and tongue .
the most widely known approach was made by charles van riper in 1973 and is also known as block modification therapy .
this helps to make very slow but non bumpy speech used only in the speech clinic .
stutterers are trained to slow down their speaking rate by stretching vowels and consonants . other methods include soft speech contacts .
fluency shaping approaches are normally taught in groups therapy programs , which may take two to three weeks to complete . more recently the camperdown program , using a much shorter schedule , has been shown to work well .
the goal of stuttering modification therapy is not to get rid of stuttering but to change it so that stuttering is easier and less stressful .
although the stone is now kept in scotland , at future coronations the stone will be returned briefy to st edward 's chair for the moment of coronation .
this behavior has declined recently because of the replacement of doorstep delivery by supermarket purchases of milk , and by hard-topped containers instead of the old bottles .
a blue tit will often ascend a trunk in short jerky hops , imitating a treecreeper .
it is fond of young buds of various trees , and may pull them to bits in the hope of finding insects .
an interesting example of culturally transmitted learning in birds was the phenomenon dating from the 1960s of blue tits teaching one another how to open traditional british milk bottles with foil tops , to get at the cream underneath .
hutton hit on a variety of ideas to explain the rock strata he saw around him . according to playfair he `` was in no haste to publish his theory ; for he was one of those who are much more delighted with the contemplation of truth , than with the praise of having discovered itâ .
over time there was a convergence between these views , but lyell 's description of the development of geological ideas led to a belief that uniformitarianism had triumphed .
hutton later read an abstract of his concerning the system of the earth , its duration and stability on 4 july 1785 , which he had printed and circulated privately .
after some 25 years of work , his theory of the earth was read to meetings of the royal society of edinburgh in 1785 .
prior to that he had been their test driver . he has also competited in the gp2 series for the dams team .
restatements of his geological ideas -lrb- though not his thoughts on evolution -rrb- by john playfair in 1802 and then charles lyell in the 1830s popularized the concept of an infinitely repeating cycle , though lyell tended to dismiss hutton 's views as giving too much credence to catastrophic changes .
lyell 's books had widepread influence , not least on the up and coming young geologist charles darwin who read them with enthusiasm during his voyage on the beagle .
william whewell coined the term uniformitarianism to describe lyell 's version of the ideas . this was in contrast with catastrophism , the idea that the rocks recorded a series of catastrophes followed by repopulation by a new range of species .
at these places , the produced materials are tested before delivery . to test them , testing guidelines of industry or this firm are used .
the test bay is part of the quality management . the protocols written during testing are evidences in case of insurance issues , say .
the article about her is at psyche -lrb- mythology -rrb- the ancient greeks believed that the psyche -lrb- or soul -rrb- was responsible for behavior .
tatsunori hisanaga -lrb- born 23 december 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the first time phonetics was studied was 2,500 years ago in what is now india , with pä á ini , when he wrote about the place and manner of articulation of consonants in sanskrit in his 5th century bc essay on sanskrit linguistics .
the major indic scripts today order their consonants the way pä á ini did .
she is also a supporter for the tea party movement and founder of the house 's tea party caucus .
saint-aignan-sur-ro ã `` is a commune of 926 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
he or she is the `` custodial parent '' .
he also raced in the japanese gt300 sports car series , where he ended the year eighth .
if a child lives with one parent , that parent has `` sole physical custody '' . he or she is the `` custodial parent '' .
if a child lives with one parent , that parent has `` sole physical custody '' .
there may be `` joint custody '' , which means that both parents have custody over the child .
klaus fischer -lrb- born 27 december , 1949 -rrb- is a former german football player .
a flash -lrb- also known as a tattoo flash -rrb- is a design or picture that is used in order to create a tattoo .
he was drafted by the ottawa senators with the 291st overall pick in the 2003 nhl draft and played 3 seasons with them before being traded to the colorado avalanche on february 18 , 2011 for craig anderson .
brian elliott -lrb- born april 9 , 1985 in newmarket , ontario -rrb- is a professional canadian ice hockey goaltender that currently plays for the colorado avalanche of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
a study by hey has indicated that of the people migrating across this land bridge during that time period , only 70 left their genetic print in modern descendants .
the rise and fall of global sea levels has exposed and submerged the bridging land mass called `` beringia '' in several periods of the pleistocene .
the beringian land bridge is believed to have existed both in the glaciation that occurred before 35,000 bp and during the more recent period 22,000-7 ,000 years before present .
during cycles of global cooling , such as the most recent ice age , enough sea water became concentrated in the ice caps of the arctic and antarctica that the subsequent drop in eustatic sea levels exposed shallow sea floors that have subsequently re-flooded .
its greatest extension was about 1,000 miles -lrb- 1,600 km -rrb- north to south .
nakajima is the son of the retired formula one driver satoru nakajima .
the word `` economy '' comes from the greek word î á 1\/4 î î î 1\/2 ï î 1\/4 î ï , meaning `` person who manages the house . ''
this land was given to morcar , the king 's chief minister .
it is to the north of the river trent .
the minnesota wild are a nhl team based in saint paul , minnesota .
he qualifyed 10th and finish eighth and scored a point .
busnes is a commune . it is found in the nord-pas-de-calais region in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
houthulst is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
the presidents ' trophy is an award presented by the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season .
however , the montreal canadiens have finished first overall 21 times , the most times in league history , although they have yet to win the presidents ' trophy .
the presidents ' trophy is an award presented by the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season . if two teams tie for the most points , then the trophy goes to the team with the most wins .
before the 1985 â `` 86 nhl season , the best team in the league during the regular season was allowed to hang a banner stating `` nhl league champions '' .
with the modern era expansion in the 1967 â `` 68 season and the start of the west division , the wales trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the east division during the regular season .
the trophy was introduced at the start of the 1985 â `` 86 nhl season by the league 's board of governors .
the city consists out of the town seligenstadt and the 2 former independent villages froschhausen and klein-welzheim , both now urban districts of seligenstadt . on 1 january 1977 they were united .
in this time also the name was changed from obermã 1\/4 hlheim to seligenstadt , because people brought some holy bones to the town .
around 830 the owner of the town started to build a great church , the einhard-basilika , and a monastery .
the city consists out of the town seligenstadt and the 2 former independent villages froschhausen and klein-welzheim , both now urban districts of seligenstadt .
nakajima scored again at the british grand prix .
in 815 the name obermã 1\/4 hlheim was written down in a document for the first time .
by the way is the eighth studio album by american alternative rock band red hot chili peppers .
the balkan range runs 560 km from eastern serbia eastward through central bulgaria to cape emine on the black sea .
a highly irritating problem can be the placement of too much foreign -lrb- or off-topic text -rrb- in the intro section .
a very narrow column can cause text-wrapping as , sometimes , one-word-per-line , all the way down the entire column .
it is important to seek the knowledge of experts , but hacks might not even understand the basics that experts know , so some humility is needed in such discussions .
the subject of `` vending machines on dark side-streets '' is clarified , at the end , by repeating `` on dark side-streets '' which readers might have forgotten , since that was the 2nd phrase in the long sentence .
these mass extinctions were so characteristic that they have been used by geologists as markers in biostratigraphic dating .
the term `` whereas '' was used to be more specific than the word `` where '' -lrb- other similar precise terms , used to help clarify , include `` instead '' or `` rather than '' -rrb- .
there are several ways to allow the end-word to stay on the same line , without wrapping .
by word-joining the first few words of a phrase -lrb- such as `` at the outset '' or `` the region covers '' -rrb- , the text can be forced down the page , into a wider column , where all the joined-words can fit side-by-side , across the line .
the indented line will indent less , on a narrow screen , because the non-breaking spaces will be on an upper line , and the text will shift to the next line .
the length of each line is chosen to reflect the cadence or rhythm of the music , where the singer could take a breath at the end of each line .
a method for undenting the first word of a paragraph is to put the paragraph into a text-table , where the first word -lrb- or syllable -rrb- is -lrb- alone -rrb- in column 1 , while the other text is in column 2 .
otherwise , many long equations -lrb- especially , near images or infoboxes -rrb- would be shifted down a page , causing a wide text-gap to appear , because they would be too long to fit when fully indented .
also , other , lively colors could be bolded without much confusion with the article-title words -lrb- see color choices in : web colors -rrb- .
however , the use of a reduced font-size can help minimize the glaring impact of off-topic text .
such use of auto-indented text is , typically , rare , but can avoid large text-gaps where the page would become half-blank on a narrow window .
this essay , wikipedia : advanced text formatting or advanced typesetting , describes many techniques to control -lrb- or adjust -rrb- the alignment of text on a page .
such bold-faced text could be confusing when not connected to the article title , so the use of a lighter bolded text allows for highlighting , with less confusion about the article-title words .
besides using '' &#160; '' other characters , such as comma , semicolon or slash , could be appended after the end-quotemark , if they fit the meaning .
of course , once again , a full solution often involves removing some excess text -lrb- from the image-caption -rrb- to a lower spot on the page , and then referring to the image , such as '' -lrb- see image at right -rrb- '' from that text .
: : for science is a natural whole , the parts of whichmutually support one another in a way which , to be sure , no one can anticipate .
because thousands of articles begin with formally defining a term , with stating a quoted meaning , the forced wrapping of end-quotemarks has become a major typesetting nightmare in wikipedia .
it was announced on 9 october 2007 that following the retirement of alexander wurz , nakajima would race for williams in the season finale in brazilian grand prix .
real typesetting software , for over 30 years , typically has had simple directives to trigger alignments as left , right , center , or undented -lrb- beyond the left-margin line -rrb- .
the colon-indent prefix '' : '' which indents lines -lrb- by about 7 spaces -rrb- also triggers a smaller line-height , so any indented wrapped-text will appear closer to the upper-text on the indented line .
compare the bolded text of one\/two , against the stark contrast , of the shortcut title of this essay page : wp : typeset .
often , it is not necessary to re-write technical articles for better clarity ; instead , just add several commas and see if an article can be easily clarified , within minutes , rather than spend hours re-writing , or splitting , the technical descriptions .
the wrapping of end-quotes grew to be so common , during 2005-2010 , that it has become instinctive to expect an end-quote to almost always be prematurely wrapped onto a second line , and the first line to be truncated as bizarrely too short .
the premature wrapping of the 18-character phrase `` dogs ... typewriter '' is typical , not an exaggeration of how much text gets forced onto the second line in many articles .
nakajima scored two points at monaco .
note that there are some examples of the opposite effect : such as an opera singer -lrb- luciano pavarotti -rrb- learning to sing well without being able to read music .
sometimes text , next to a wide image-box or wide infobox , tends to get squeezed into a narrow column of text .
then , even when the page is viewed in larger browser text-size settings , the joined text will float down to columns where the typesetting looks more logical , rather than the default , of one-word-per-line , in a narrow column .
-- albert einstein , out of my later years sometimes , the setting must be precise , where 1.30 em would be too close , or 1.35 would separate lines too much , while 1.33 em provides an even balance , for the particular lines in the quotation .
however , the currently invalid options '' '' and '' '' could be added someday , as a trivial implementation , because to handle `` center '' then the left\/right margins must already be known to the computer .
nakajima scored two points at monaco . he was the first japanese formula one driver to scored a point at monaco .
a very common problem , when using a smaller font , is the gapping caused by large interline spacing between the lines .
moving a distracting tag-box can greatly improve the readability for readers , who might otherwise become surprised and alarmed by a 2-year-old gripe box which someone threw on the page , unopposed , years ago . some tag-boxes give the idea that the box must be read to avoid very dangerous information in an article .
perhaps the single greatest improvement to many articles is to lower those grandstanding top tag-boxes that proclaim , `` this article is bad : change it now '' .
the commas act , almost like magic , to simplify a long sentence , without the need to drastically cut and reword the text to be easier to read .
: : : : i hear jerusalem , bells are ringing , roman cavalry , choirs are singing , -- -lrb- cavalry are horse-soldiers -rrb- `` be my mirror , my sword and shield , my missionairies in a foreign field '' , for some reason ... -- coldplay , `` viva la vida '' -lrb- a -rrb- for coding on multiple lines , use '' '' rather than '' '' tags .
perhaps the most common fix is to append the blank-code '' &#160; '' -lrb- or even a comma -rrb- after the end quotemark so that it will not wrap too soon :
most of those tag-box templates allow a parameter '' section '' when lowering the tag-box further down the page .
hisashi kato -lrb- born 24 april 1956 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the averyâ `` macleodâ `` mccarty experiment was an experimental demonstration , reported in 1944 by oswald avery , colin macleod , and maclyn mccarty , that dna is the substance that causes bacterial transformation .
this was the culmination of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the rockefeller institute for medical research to purify and characterize the `` transforming principle '' responsible for the phenomenon first described in griffith 's experiment of 1928 . in this early experiment dead streptococcus pneumoniae of the virulent strain type iii-s , when injected along with living but non-virulent type ii-r pneumococci , resulted in a deadly infection of type iii-s pneumococci .
blue tattoo is the third album by the estonian girl band vanilla ninja , and the last original vanilla ninja album released by bros records .
he played in the national hockey league for the boston bruins and in the wha for the cincinnati stingers .
gordon corson clark -lrb- born may 31 , 1952 in glasgow , scotland -rrb- is a retired ice hockey right winger .
the fia ruled that stefan gp could not be entered for the season at such a late stage . that left nakajima with no ride in formula one for 2010 .
b-flat major is a good key for most wind instruments , especially those for which it is their home key , such as clarinets , trumpets , saxophones , and the flutes in b-flat .
however , joseph haydn still gets credit for writing the timpani part at actual pitch with an f major key signature -lrb- instead of transposing with a c major key signature -rrb- , something that made things easier and made more sense .
uracil replaces thymine in rna .
nakajima also served as williams ' test driver , completing 7,000 km of testing for the team .
they include cytosine , guanine , adenine , thymine in -lrb- dna -rrb- , uracil in -lrb- rna -rrb- and xanthine and hypoxanthine -lrb- mutated forms of guanine and adenine -rrb- . these are abbreviated as c , g , a , t , u , x and hx respectively .
because a , g , c and t appear in the dna , these molecules are called dna-bases ; a , g , c and u are called rna-bases .
nucleobases are important for genetics . they are parts of rna and dna that may be involved in pairing -lrb- see base pair -rrb- .
like the flintstones or the smurfs , they have much of the same technology as contemporary humans , adapted to their own aquatic environment .
the captain wound up in the water , and that was the first contact between the species when the snorks saved his life , to which the captain then expressed his gratitude by writing a book about the snorks , although very few humans believe in the existence of the snorks .
they have snorkels on their heads , which are used to propel them swiftly through the water .
the captain wound up in the water , and that was the first contact between the species when the snorks saved his life , to which the captain then expressed his gratitude by writing a book about the snorks , although very few humans believe in the existence of the snorks . since then , snorks have adopted several human habits , such as wearing clothes .
it was found by charles t. kowal at the mount palomar observatory on september 14 , 1974 , after three nights ' worth of photographic plates had been taken -lrb- september 11 through 13 ; leda appears on all of them -rrb- .
the orbital elements given here are as of january 2000 , but they are changing a lot due to solar and planetary perturbations .
van der sloot related that they drove holloway to the california lighthouse area of arashi beach because holloway wanted to see sharks , before dropping holloway off at her hotel around 2:00 a.m. . according to van der sloot , holloway fell down as she exited the car but refused van der sloot 's help .
the disappearance generated a media sensation in both the u.s. and aruba and sparked considerable interest in the netherlands .
u.s. television networks devoted much air time to the search for holloway , the investigation of her disappearance , and rumors surrounding the case .
the prosecution indicated a continuing interest in the kalpoes and joran van der sloot -lrb- though they are now no longer legally suspects -rrb- , and alleged that one of the three , in a chat room message , had stated that holloway was dead .
van der sloot initially denied knowing holloway 's name , but he then told the following story , with which deepak kalpoe , who was present , agreed . van der sloot related that they drove holloway to the california lighthouse area of arashi beach because holloway wanted to see sharks , before dropping holloway off at her hotel around 2:00 a.m. .
the broadcast included excerpts from footage recorded from hidden cameras and microphones in the vehicle of patrick van der eem , a dutch businessman and ex-con , who gained van der sloot 's confidence .
twitty has stated that she has received copies of police statements stating that joran van der sloot admitted having sex with holloway at his home and described intimate details of her .
blanken stated that `` the locations , names , and times he gave just did not make sense '' .
in 2000 , elizabeth holloway married george `` jug '' twitty , a prominent alabama businessman , and natalee moved with her family to mountain brook , alabama .
these cases rarely receive the attention and resources we see given to other missing persons .
harvey called the movie `` sloppy and uneven , a forgettable look at the tragedy that consumed the nation 's attention for months '' .
natalee holloway -lrb- born october 21 , 1986 -rrb- , from mountain brook , alabama , united states , disappeared on may 30 , 2005 during a graduation trip in aruba .
dompig indicated pressure from holloway 's family caused them to stop their surveillance prematurely and to detain the three suspects .
on thursday , may 26 , 2005 , holloway and 124 fellow graduates of mountain brook high school , located in a wealthy suburb of birmingham , alabama , arrived in aruba for a five-day , unofficial graduation trip .
on november 30 , 2007 , a judge ordered the release of satish and deepak kalpoe , despite attempts by the prosecution to extend their detention .
that search , involving a vessel called the persistence , was abandoned due to lack of funds at the end of february 2008 with nothing of significance found .
the english-language media , for example , appear to be focused on the stories of missing white women , such as with the disappearance of natalee holloway in aruba .
she contends that van der sloot dumped holloway 's body , possibly alive , into the caribbean .
with aruban investigators citing what was described as newly discovered evidence , joran van der sloot and satish and deepak kalpoe were rearrested november 21 , 2007 , on suspicion of involvement in `` manslaughter and causing serious bodily harm that resulted in the death of holloway '' . van der sloot was detained by dutch authorities in the netherlands , while the kalpoe brothers were both detained in aruba .
this was hotly contested by deepak kalpoe 's attorney , who stated that the prosecution , in translating from papiamento to dutch , had misconstrued a reference to a teacher who had drowned as one to holloway .
according to the lawsuit filed by the kalpoe brothers , she has -lrb- on various television programs -rrb- repeatedly accused them , and joran van der sloot , of `` sexual assault '' and `` gang rape '' of her daughter .
due to lack of evidence the three men were released without charge after each arrest .
following the airing of the de vries program , beth twitty , adhering to the position that the tapes represent the way events transpired , told the new york post that she believes her daughter might still be alive if van der sloot had called for help .
holloway was last seen by her classmates leaving the aruban bar and night club carlos ` n charlie 's around 1:30 a.m. on monday , may 30 .
beth twitty 's attorney , john q. kelly , told abc news that he had little faith that the supposed evidence would prove pivotal to the case and suggested that it would be quickly debunked .
van der sloot denied that what he said on the tape was true , stating that he was under the influence of marijuana at the time .
the prosecution appealed the kalpoes ' release .
on june 9 , 2005 , van der sloot and the kalpoe brothers were arrested on suspicion of kidnapping and murdering holloway .
the search for physical evidence was extensive and , on occasion , subject to false leads ; for example , a possible blood sample taken from deepak kalpoe 's car was tested but determined not to be blood .
that appeal was denied on december 5 , 2007 , with the court writing , `` notwithstanding expensive and lengthy investigations on her disappearance and on people who could be involved , the file against the suspect does not contain direct indications that natalee passed away due to a violent crime '' .
greta van susteren , host of fox news ' on the record , and nancy grace on cnn 's headline news were among the most prominent television personalities to devote time to the incident .
van susteren 's almost continuous coverage of the story caused on the record to get its best ratings to date , while grace 's show became the cornerstone of the new `` headline prime '' block on headline news , which ran two episodes -lrb- a live show and a repeat -rrb- every night during prime-time .
however , jodi bearmanâ '' the chaperone who organized the tripâ '' has stated , `` the chaperones were not supposed to keep up with their every move '' .
the prosecution indicated it would not appeal .
every time one of these stories comes up , like , say , michael jackson , when it 's finally over i think , what a relief , now we can get back to real news .
at the australian grand prix he crashed into the wall at turn six , putting him out of the race .
upon further investigation by authorities , van der sloot was arrested twice on suspicion of involvement in her disappearance and the kalpoes were each arrested three times .
holloway , who had been scheduled to fly home later on may 30 , did not appear for her return flight .
although the movie set ratings records for lifetime , the movie was not received well by critic alec harvey of the birmingham news .
in addition , dompig has denied that any such statement was made , stating that van der sloot and the kalpoe brothers consistently denied having sex with holloway .
de vries stated that he would tell all on a special television program on dutch tv on february 3 .
early in the case , political commentator and columnist arianna huffington wrote , `` if you were to get your news only from television , you 'd think the top issue facing our country right now is an 18-year-old girl named natalee who went missing in aruba .
he crashed two laps from the end of the monaco grand prix whilst running in 10th place .
attorney ronald wix also stated , `` unless -lrb- mos -rrb- finds a body in the bathroom of one of these kids , there 's no way in hell they can arrest them anymore '' .
aruban law allows for arrest on serious suspicion from investigators ; to continue holding the suspect in custody , an increasing evidentiary burden must be met at periodic reviews .
the saturation of coverage triggered a backlash among some critics who argued that such extensive media attention validates the `` missing white woman syndrome '' theory , which argues that missing-person cases involving white skinned women and girls receive disproportionate attention in the media compared with cases involving white males or people of color .
the movie , which aired april 19 , 2009 , under the title `` natalee holloway '' , stars tracy pollan as beth holloway , grant show as george `` jug '' twitty , and amy gumenick as natalee holloway .
in november 2006 , nakajima was named a williams test driver for the 2007 season .
she has never released copies of the alleged statement , though she characterizes them as admissions of `` sexual assault '' and vinda de sousa , former hollowayâ `` twitty family aruban attorney , has indicated that no such admission was made .
on december 18 , 2007 , prosecutor hans mos officially declared the case closed , and that no charges would be filed due to lack of evidence .
on april 15 , 2006 geoffrey von cromvoirt was arrested by aruban authorities on suspicion of criminal offenses related to dealing in illegal narcotics that , according to the prosecutor , might have been related to the disappearance of holloway .
with aruban investigators citing what was described as newly discovered evidence , joran van der sloot and satish and deepak kalpoe were rearrested november 21 , 2007 , on suspicion of involvement in `` manslaughter and causing serious bodily harm that resulted in the death of holloway '' .
as the case wore on , much of the attention was given to beth twitty and her statements .
police commissioner gerold dompig , who would head the investigation from mid-2005 until 2006 , described the behavior of the mountain brook students , stating there was `` wild partying , a lot of drinking , lots of room switching every night .
van der sloot was seen smoking marijuana and stating that he was with holloway when she began convulsively shaking , then became unresponsive .
on may 17 , 2006 another suspect guido wever the son of a former aruban politician , was detained in the netherlands on suspicion of assisting in the abducting , battering , and killing of holloway .
according to teacher and chaperone bob plummer , the chaperones met with the students each day to ensure nothing was wrong .
toru irie -lrb- born 8 july 1977 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
creative arts awards winners who were recognized at the primetime telecast .
the 59th annual primetime emmy awards were held at the shrine auditorium in los angeles , california on september 16 , 2007 and were live on television on fox at 8:00 p.m. edt -lrb- 00:00 utc -rrb- for the first time in high definition -lrb- on tape delay three hours later on the west coast of the united states at 8:00 p.m. pdt\/3 :00 utc -rrb- .
pilot whales are two types of oceanic dolphins , whose scientific name is globicephala . the two types of pilot whales are the long-finned pilot whale and the short-finned pilot whale .
most judã o-arabic dialects were written in modified forms of the hebrew alphabet , often including consonant dots from the arabic alphabet to accommodate phonemes that did not exist in the hebrew alphabet .
some of the most important books of medieval jewish though were originally written in judaeo-arabic , as well as certain halakhic works and biblical commentary .
the younger sister of alyona bondarenko , she was born in kryvyi rih , ukraine , then part of the soviet union .
she plays right-handed and turned pro in 2000 .
kateryna volodymyrivna bondarenko -lrb- , born 8 august 1986 -rrb- is a professional female tennis player from ukraine and a doubles champion at australian open in 2008 .
at the end of a word , the same character represents an exclamation point .
though braille is thought to be the main way blind people read and write , in britain -lrb- for example -rrb- out of the reported 2 million visually impaired population , it is estimated that only around 15-20 thousand people use braille .
in japanese braille , alphabetic signs for a consonant and vowel are combined into a single syllabic block ; in korean braille , the consonants have different syllable-initial and syllable-final forms .
thus , when the contraction rules permit the same word in more than one way , preference is given to `` the contraction that more nearly approximates correct pronunciation . ''
braille saw the biggest problem of the code : the human finger can not feel the whole symbol without moving . this makes it impossible to move rapidly from one symbol to the next .
nakajima finished tenth in the race . he set the fifth fastest lap â `` quicker than his team-mate nico rosberg , who finished fourth .
for this reason almost all braille books use a transcription known as grade 2 braille . grade 2 braille uses contractions , which allows to save space and increase reading speed .
the additional dots are given the numbers 7 -lrb- for the lower-left dot -rrb- and 8 -lrb- for the lower-right dot -rrb- .
in 8 dot braille the additional dots are added at the bottom of the cell , giving a matrix 4 dots high by 2 dots wide .
however , at least two adaptations of braille have completely reassigned the latin sound values of the blocks .
when braille is adapted to languages which do not use the latin alphabet , the blocks are generally assigned to the new alphabet according to how it is transliterated into the latin alphabet , and the alphabetic order of the national script -lrb- and therefore the natural order of latin braille -rrb- is disregarded .
it is possible to transcribe braille by replacing each letter with its braille counterpart . this is usually known as grade 1 braille .
greetings may be different from culture to culture . these are some greetings used a lot in the english language :
braille with six dots is frequently stored as braille ascii .
braille uses cells of six raised dots , in two columns of three dots .
today , the system is used by blind people to read and write .
all 256 possible combinations of 8 dots are encoded by the unicode standard .
grade 2 braille uses contractions , which allows to save space and increase reading speed .
in addition , some portions of the transcription rules are not fully codified and rely on the judgment of the transcriber .
grade 3 braille is a system that includes many additional contractions . it is almost like a shorthand .
braille 's change was to use a 6 dot cell â '' the braille system â '' which revolutionized written communication for the blind .
for this reason almost all braille books use a transcription known as grade 2 braille .
braille is used with different languages today .
younger people are turning to electronic text on computers instead ; a more portable communication method that they can also use with their friends .
at the beginning of a word , this same character stands for the word `` to '' although the character is written in braille with no space following it .
for example , the character with dots 2-3-5 -lrb- the letter `` f '' lowered in the braille cell -rrb- stands for `` ff '' when used in the middle of a word .
braille can be made using a `` slate '' and a `` stylus '' in which each dot is created from the back of the page , writing in mirror image , by hand , or it may be produced on a braille typewriter or `` perkins brailler '' , or produced by a braille embosser attached to a computer .
8-dot braille has the advantages that the case of an individual letter is directly coded in the cell containing the letter and that all the printable ascii characters can be represented in a single cell .
for instance , the block for latin k represents old-style cantonese k -lrb- g in yale and other modern romanizations -rrb- when initial , but aak when final , while latin j represents cantonese initial j but final oei .
braille can be seen as the world 's first binary character encoding .
the current series of canadian banknotes have raised dots on the banknotes that indicate their value .
the contraction rules take into account the linguistic structure of the word ; thus , contractions are not to be used when their use would alter the usual braille form of a base word to which a prefix or suffix has been added .
keiju karashima -lrb- born 24 june 1971 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
cantonese braille is also based on latin braille for many of the initial consonants and simple vowels -lrb- based on romanizations of a century ago -rrb- , but the blocks pull double duty , with different values depending on whether they are placed in syllable-initial or syllable-final position .
sativa -lrb- miller -rrb- thell . , brassica eruca l. -rrb- , also known as arugula or rocket , is a plant that can be eaten .
cheeks are the area of the face under the eyes and between the nose and the ears .
in animals , markings on the cheek area -lrb- i.e. stripes\/spots -rrb- , often are features between species or individuals .
it is fleshy in humans and mammals , the skin being held up by the chin and the jaws , and making the wall of the human mouth , touching the cheekbone below the eye .
they are made of chopped pork and pork jelly sealed in a hot water crust pastry , and are most of the time eaten cold .
pork pies are a type of meat pie and are a common british food .
istanbul park , also known as the istanbul racing circuit or initially istanbul otodrom , is a motor sports racetrack in akfä rat county east of istanbul , turkey .
istanbul park is located in pendik district on the asian side of istanbul . it is close to the tem motorway -lrb- a highway -rrb- , that connects istanbul to ankara , the capital of turkey .
the producers of the album were insane clown posse and mike e. clark . the album was the third of the `` joker cards '' in the dark carnival mythology .
riddle box is the third studio album by american horrorcore band , insane clown posse . it was released on october 10 , 1995 .
all the members of this group develop into unbranched filaments , one cell thick , which grow longer through normal cell division .
most live in freshwater , and form an important component of the algal scum that grows on or near plants , rocks , and various debris .
the council of europe is not to be confused with the council of the european union or the european council , as it is a separate organization and not part of the european union .
one of its first successes was the european convention on human rights in 1950 , which serves as the basis for the european court of human rights .
the council of europe is an international organization of 47 member states in the european region . one of its first successes was the european convention on human rights in 1950 , which serves as the basis for the european court of human rights .
yuki nakashima -lrb- born 16 june 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for vegalta sendai .
given a decimal coordinate , two cardinal directions , and precision , render a coordinate in degrees\/minutes\/seconds .
`` this is the first thought , his image ; she became the womb of everything , for it is she who is prior to them all , the mother-father , the first man -lrb- anthropos -rrb- , the holy spirit , the thrice-male , the thrice-powerful , the thrice-named androgynous one , and the eternal aeon among the invisible ones , and the first to come forth . ''
other common names include lobster-claw , wild plantain and false bird-of-paradise .
it is named after alois alzheimer , who discovered the disease in 1906 .
alzheimer 's disease is not a normal part of aging .
he also wrote the tune for horatio spafford 's it is well with my soul .
linear cryptanalysis is one of the two most widely used attacks on block ciphers ; the other being differential cryptanalysis .
in cryptography , linear cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis based on finding affine approximations to the action of a cipher .
a variety of refinements to the attack have been suggested , including using multiple linear approximations or including non-linear expressions .
attacks have been developed for block ciphers and stream ciphers .
sainte-euph ã mie is a commune .
crennes-sur-fraub ã e is a commune of 178 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
as in the case of division of integers , the remainder could be required to be negative , that is , - d -lrb- r â 0 .
`` internal family '' -rrb- is a term in chinese martial arts , grouping those styles that practice ' -lrb- , lit .
the distinction dates to the 17th century , but its modern application is due to publications by sun lutang , dating to the period of 1915 to 1928 .
nã ijiä is a broad term used mistakenly in the west as a synonym for the more specific wç '' dä ngquã n styles , named for their association with the taoist monasteries of wudangshan range , hubei province in chinese popular legend .
`` internal strength '' -rrb- , usually translated as internal martial arts , occupied with spiritual , mental or qi-related aspects , as opposed to an `` external '' approach focused on physiological aspects .
windows defender , which used to be called microsoft antispyware , is a application made by microsoft .
takahiro endo -lrb- born 7 july 1968 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
zinc antimonide is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is znsb .
it has zinc and antimonide ions in it .
this foundation is used in a variety of areas , such as engineering , biology , medicine and social sciences .
types of systems science are systems theory , cybernetics and chaos theory , and all kinds of similar sciences .
pouillat is a commune .
jun kokubo -lrb- born 8 september 1980 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the verses of the story that were found -lrb- which is thought to be a small part of the original work -rrb- do not explain why the fight started , nor do they give the outcome of the battle .
the maccabees ' debut single , ` x-ray ' , was released on the promise record label on 28 november 2005 . it was played a little in the evenings on london radio station xfm london .
the song was about the wave machine at the band 's local latchmere leisure centre in battersea , south london . it was released on fierce panda records in april 2006 .
guitarist felix white was once in a band called ` jack 's basement ` with close friend and current solo artist jack peã ate , but he is not anymore .
their next album was released to positive reviews , and charted at # 24 .
even though the name has religious meaning , lead singer orlando weeks said that none of the band are religious in an interview on steve lamacq 's bbc radio 1 show .
the song first love was the maccabees ' first to chart in the uk top 40 . it was followed by ` about your dress ' , which charted at # 33 .
it is the second most compact cyclone in the world . tropical storm marco of the 2008 atlantic hurricane season had gale-force winds reaching only 19 k from the center .
after forming over the arafura sea , the tracy moved south and hit the city with category 4 winds on the australian cyclone scale . it is possible that it had reached category 3 on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale when it made landfall .
tracy killed 71 people , caused $ 837 million in damage -lrb- 1974 aud -rrb- and destroyed more than 70 % of darwin 's buildings , including 80 % of the houses .
bruce stannard of the age stated that cyclone tracy was a `` disaster ... without parallel in australia 's history . ''
they mainly serve hamburgers , cheeseburgers , chicken products , french fries , breakfast items , soft drinks , milkshakes and desserts .
the mcdonald 's mascot is ronald mcdonald .
mcdonald 's has been around since 1955 , when it was started by ray kroc in des plaines , illinois .
when you save the page , you 'll see the new link pointing to your page . if the page exists already , it is displayed in blue , empty pages are displayed in red .
mark kinsella -lrb- born 12 august 1972 -rrb- is a former irish football player .
the term is also used of the complete set of chromosomes in a species , or an individual organism .
it describes the number of chromosomes , and what they look like under a light microscope .
karyotypes may be studied to gather information about past evolutionary events , such as polyploidy .
attention is paid to their length , the position of the centromeres , any differences between the sex chromosomes , and any other physical characteristics .
there may , or may not , be sex chromosomes .
the preparation and study of karyotypes is part of cytogenetics -lrb- cytology and genetics -rrb- .
the chromosomes are depicted -lrb- by rearranging a microphotograph -rrb- in a standard format known as a karyogram or idiogram : in pairs , ordered by size and position of centromere for chromosomes of the same size .
in the the sex cells the chromosome number is n -lrb- humans : n = 23 -rrb- .
so , in normal diploid organisms , chromosomes are present in two copies .
the basic number of chromosomes in the somatic -lrb- body -rrb- cells of an individual or a species is called the somatic number and is designated 2n .
a karyotype is the number and appearance of chromosomes in the nucleus of a eukaryote cell .
polyploid cells have multiple copies of chromosomes and haploid cells have single copies .
mary lou retton is an italian-american gymnastics performer . retton was a gold medalist in the 1984 summer olympics .
yuki tazawa -lrb- born 16 july 1979 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
for example , the division of 42 by 5 can be expressed as either
newton built the first practical reflecting telescope in 1668 ; he also developed a theory of light based on the observation that a prism decomposes white light into the colors of the rainbow .
not all functions have inverse functions . finding the inverse of a function can be very difficult to do .
gymnos means naked .
during and after the american revolution , he was a minister -lrb- ambassador -rrb- to spain and france , helping to fashion american foreign policy and to secure favorable peace terms from the british and french .
his first attempt to pass emancipation legislation failed in 1777 and failed again in 1785 , but he succeeded in 1799 , signing the law that eventually emancipated the slaves of new york ; the last were freed before his death .
john jay -lrb- december 12 , 1745 â `` may 17 , 1829 -rrb- was an american politician , statesman , revolutionary , diplomat , a supreme court chief justice , and a founding father of the united states .
vernon was named one of the top six most desirable communities to retire to in north america by consumer reports in 2005 .
the congress decides whether fifa should accept new national associations and elects the president of fifa , its general secretary and the other members of fifa 's executive committee .
the most powerful organ of fifa is the fifa congress , which is an assembly made up of representatives from each member association .
in arithmetic , the result of the division of two integers usually can not be expressed with an integer quotient , unless a remainder -- an amount `` left over '' -- is also accepted .
the fã dã ration internationale de football association -lrb- french for international federation of association football -rrb- , or fifa for short , is the organization that controls international football -lrb- also called association football -rrb- .
the six confederations are afc -lrb- asian football confederation in asia and australia -rrb- , caf -lrb- confã dã ration africaine de football in africa -rrb- , concacaf -lrb- confederation of north , central american and caribbean association football in north america and central america -rrb- , conmebol -lrb- confederaciã n sudamericana de fã tbol in south america -rrb- , ofc -lrb- oceania football confederation in oceania -rrb- and uefa -lrb- union europã enne de football association in europe -rrb- .
fifa organizes major international football tournaments , and the most famous one is the fifa world cup , which has been held since 1930 .
the 1938 fifa world cup was a football -lrb- soccer -rrb- sporting event that was held in france in 1938 .
betrayal trauma is similar to post traumatic stress disorder . the difference is that post traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- is made by fear .
betrayal trauma happens when people that a person trust on has betrayed their trust , and it messes up their memory because of anger . an example of betrayal trauma is childhood physical or childhood problems .
betrayal trauma is similar to post traumatic stress disorder .
neuville-bourjonval is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
many of the cast have said that there will be a hannah montana movie .
he is best known for making the first working steam locomotive .
sir david frederick attenborough om , ch , cvo , cbe , frs , fzs , fsa -lrb- born 8 may 1926 in london , england -rrb- is a british naturalist and broadcaster , who works for the bbc .
in 2002-2003 , the biggest series of eruptions for many years threw up a huge column of ash that could easily be seen from space and fell as far away as libya , on the far side of the mediterranean sea .
the eruption also completely destroyed the rifugio sapienza , on the southern flank of the volcano .
other major twentieth century eruptions occurred in 1949 , 1971 , 1983 and 1992 , as well as the 2001 eruption .
the 1992 eruption saw the town of zafferana threatened by a lava flow , but successful diversion efforts saved the town with the loss of only one building a few hundred metres outside it .
in 1971 , it buried the etna observatory -lrb- built in the late 19th century -rrb- under lava .
seismic activity in this eruption caused the eastern flanks of the volcano to slip by up to two metres , and many houses on the flanks of the volcano got structural damage .
juan carlos ablanedo -lrb- born 2 september , 1963 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
the series stars miley cyrus as miley stewart . miley is a normal girl who is also a popstar named hannah montana .
as a child , he and his brother lech kaczyå ski starred in the 1962 polish movie the two who stole the moon `` o dwã ch takich , co ukradli ksiä å 1\/4 yc '' , based on a popular polish children 's story by kornel makuszyå ski .
jaroså aw kaczyå ski -lrb- born 18 june 1949 -rrb- is a polish politician .
giorgio chiellini -lrb- born 14 august 1984 -rrb- is an italian football player . he plays for juventus and italy national team .
some places have laws that make it illegal to use hate speech . countries such as canada , france and germany have stricter laws against hate speech than the united states , where hate speech is usually legal because its constitution says that people have freedom of speech .
the annecy international animation film festival -lrb- festival international du film d'animation d'annecy -rrb- was created in 1960 and takes place at the beginning of june in the town of annecy , france .
it is one of the four international animated film festivals sponsored by the association d'international du film d'animation -lrb- or asifa , the international animated film association -rrb-
the school was originally founded by william waynflete to educate the sixteen boy choristers of magdalen college , oxford who sang in the college 's chapel .
magdalen college school is an independent school for boys located on the edge of central oxford , england .
songieu is a commune .
william avery `` billy '' bishop -lrb- 8 february 1894 â `` 11 september 1956 -rrb- was a canadian flying ace from world war i. he won 72 fights , making him the top canadian flying ace .
in 1948 , when he was 21 , he took up a job as a journalist . two years later he moved to the capital of maharashtra , mumbai , to write scripts for marathi films .
in 1955 he took up a job in pune , in the rural programming department of the government 's all india radio -lrb- air -rrb- station .
the film will be released in cinemas on april 10 , 2009 .
in the brazilian grand prix moved to jacarepaguã in rio de janeiro . for and the race returning to interlagos .
the brazilian grand prix is a formula one championship race which occurs at the autã dromo josã carlos pace in interlagos , a district in the city of sã # o paulo , brazil .
haunted houses are common in gothic fiction , and are generally seen as old castles or creaky , old , abandoned houses .
renewable energy commercialization involves many different technologies , including solar photovoltaics , solar thermal power plants , solar heating and cooling systems , wind power , hydroelectricity , geothermal power , biomass , and ocean energy systems .
early in his career , satriani worked as a guitar instructor , and some of his former students have become famous with their guitar skills -lrb- steve vai , larry lalonde , kirk hammett , charlie hunter , kevin cadogan , alex skolnick -rrb- .
satriani has been a driving force in the music credited to other musicians throughout his career , as a founder of the ever-changing touring trio , g3 , as well as performing in various positions with other musicians .
joseph satriani -lrb- born july 15 , 1956 in westbury , new york -rrb- is an american musician who can play different instruments . however , he is most afmous for his work as an instrumental rock guitarist .
hugo sã nchez -lrb- born 11 july 1958 -rrb- is a former mexican football player .
nordausques is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
ceremonial oath was a swedish death metal band who started making music in 1989 when they called themselves `` desecrator '' and stopped in 1995 .
the golden gloves is the name given to competitions held every year for amateur boxing in the united states .
the golden gloves is often the term used to refer to the national golden gloves competition , but it can also mean a few other amateur tournaments , including regional golden gloves tournaments and other notable tournaments such as the intercity golden gloves , the chicago golden gloves , and the new york golden gloves .
the golden gloves is the name given to competitions held every year for amateur boxing in the united states . the golden gloves is often the term used to refer to the national golden gloves competition , but it can also mean a few other amateur tournaments , including regional golden gloves tournaments and other notable tournaments such as the intercity golden gloves , the chicago golden gloves , and the new york golden gloves .
there is also a silver gloves amateur tournament , which is for young amateur male boxers age 8 to 15 years old .
a college town , it is the home of the university of montevallo , a public liberal arts university with around 3000 students .
montevallo is a city in shelby county , alabama , united states . a college town , it is the home of the university of montevallo , a public liberal arts university with around 3000 students .
naoya tamura -lrb- born 20 november 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for vegalta sendai .
in old germanic , '' - ing '' is used to describe people as belonging to their leader ; so `` fucking '' means '' -lrb- place of -rrb- fockoâ s people . ''
furthermore it is the seat of the diocese of vã xjã .
emanuel pogatetz -lrb- born 16 january 1983 -rrb- is an austrian football player . he plays for hannover 96 in the german bundesliga and the austria national team .
this makes it easy for someone who plays the flute to play on the alto flute . the fingering for the note c on the flute will give a g on the alto flute .
the alto flute is a transposing instrument . this makes it easy for someone who plays the flute to play on the alto flute .
yuichi yoda -lrb- born 25 june 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
alcock was one of the leading pre-reformation churchman ; he was a man of deep learning and also a great architect .
vanilla ninja is a music group made up of four girls named lenna kuurmaa , katrin siska , piret jã rvis and ex - triinu kivilaan & maarja kivi the band has had some popular songs in europe and they were in the eurovision song contest in 2005 .
honda racing f1 , was a formula one motor racing team and constructor . honda f1 originally started in 1964 and were in f1 until 1968 when after the death of one of their drivers , honda decided to leave formula 1 .
cutting tools are tools designed to cut materials or objects .
rodrigo gral -lrb- born 21 february 1977 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
the song was made as a bonus track on adams compilation album so far so good .
the stern review on the economics of climate change is a 700-page report released on october 30 , 2006 by economist lord stern for the british government .
brok is in ostrowian county -lrb- head town of this region is ostrã w mazowiecka -rrb- .
the trading post is a homewares shop that won a tourism award for 2006 .
specimens can be seen in the age of fishes museum . this was built with support and funding from the australian museum .
other important buildings include the nursing home , the junction hotel , finn 's building , the victoria hotel , the former bank of nsw and the former cbc bank .
a territory -lrb- from the word ` terra ' , which means ` land ' -rrb- is an area which belongs to a person , organization , institution , animal or state .
more fossils were found in january 1993 using an excavator to dig down to the fossil layer . many fish were preserved in detail .
the royal hotel is on the site of another hotel owned by robinson . a sign on the wall says this was where ben hall 's gang had their party .
a road worker in 1956 found 360 million year old fish fossils . these were from the devonian period in the paleozoic era .
the fish found were two armored antiarch placoderms , remigolepis walkeri and bothriolepis yeungae . they also found canowindra grassi , a lobe-finned crossopterygian fish , with two rare young arthrodire placoderms , groenlandaspis species .
the town is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries .
some carrot cakes are even layered .
carrot cake is a sweet and moist spice cake , full of cut carrots and toasted nuts , and covered in cream cheese icing .
carrot cake is a sweet and moist spice cake , full of cut carrots and toasted nuts , and covered in cream cheese icing . one part of the cake is that the orange flakes of cut carrot give the cake color and texture , along with sweetness and moisture .
carrot cake may be eaten plain , but it is commonly either glazed or covered with white icing or cream cheese icing and walnuts , often cut .
they are popular in loaf , sheet cake and cupcake form , and -lrb- in the united kingdom as well as north america -rrb- can be found pre-packaged at grocery stores , and fresh at bakeries .
carrot cake more closely is a quick bread in method of preparation . all the wet ingredients , such as the eggs and sugar , are mixed together .
he wrote more than 100 mã lodies , many based on poems by verlaine .
other composers of mã lodie at the time include albert roussel , reynaldo hahn and andrã caplet .
the full chart lists the top 200 singles . these are judged by combined record sales and download numbers , though some media outlets only list the top 40 -lrb- such as the bbc -rrb- or the top 75 -lrb- such as music week magazine -rrb- of this list .
hector berlioz was the first composer to call some of his compositions mã lodies . his les nuits d' ã tã -lrb- 1841 -rrb- is one of the greatest of all song cycles .
mã lodies continue to be composed today , though perhaps the last really popular composer of them was francis poulenc , who died in 1963 .
the football league championship is the new name of the english first division .
kazushi isoyama -lrb- born 8 january 1975 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
issei takayanagi -lrb- born 14 september 1986 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
in both hindu and tibetan buddhist traditions there are 84 mahasiddhas .
one of the most loved mahasiddhas is virupa , who is a saint of the sakyapa sect .
it is the second movie in the indiana jones movie series and the prequel to raiders of the lost ark.
indiana jones and the temple of doom is a 1984 movie starring harrison ford and directed by steven spielberg .
around 6,500 uk stores help with sales data , as well as most uk online digital download stores .
the deinonychosauria -lrb- `` fearsome claw lizards '' -rrb- is a clade of theropods in the late jurassic and cretaceous periods .
rinxent is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
live from le cabaret is a hit live studio album by rock-pop band maroon 5 . the album was exclusively released on itunes store on july 8th of 2008 .
tells a story about a boy named oblio , who is the only round-headed person in a land full of people and animals with pointed heads . banished to the pointless forest for not conform to what is `` normal '' , oblio and his dog arrow -lrb- whose head was pointed , but he was still loyal to oblio -rrb- meet many different people , and come to learn that everything and everyone indeed has a `` point '' ; a purpose for being what they are .
a london production of the play reunited former monkees micky dolenz and davy jones , who were also friends of nilsson 's .
banished to the pointless forest for not conform to what is `` normal '' , oblio and his dog arrow -lrb- whose head was pointed , but he was still loyal to oblio -rrb- meet many different people , and come to learn that everything and everyone indeed has a `` point '' ; a purpose for being what they are .
there are over 36 versions of tamagotchi , including those in 1996 .
vã inã mã inen was also a god .
archipelagoes are often volcanic , forming along mid-ocean ridges or hotspots , but there are many other processes involved in their construction , including erosion , deposition , and land elevation .
archipelagos are usually found in the open sea ; less commonly , a big land mass may neighbor them , an example being scotland which has more than 700 islands surrounding the mainland .
in 1986 the old metropolitan county councils were abolished by the local government act 1985 and most of their functions were given to the boroughs , so they are to a large extent unitary authorities .
the french wikipedia -lrb- in french : wikipã dia francophone or wikipã dia en franã ais -rrb- is the french language edition of wikipedia , spelled wikipã dia .
hummer was first made by am general who also made vehicles used by the united states army . the design of the hummer h1 is based on the military high mobility multipurpose wheeled vehicle -lrb- hmmwv â `` humvee -rrb- .
montedio yamagata is a football club which plays in japan .
mario basler -lrb- born 18 december 1968 -rrb- is a former german football player .
io is a retrograde rotator , with its pole pointing towards one of ecliptic coordinates -lrb- î , î '' -rrb- = -lrb- -45 â , 105 â -rrb- or -lrb- -15 â , 295 â -rrb- with a 10 â uncertainty -lrb- 1 -rrb- .
the new metropolitan boroughs replaced the county boroughs , municipal boroughs and urban and rural districts which existed before .
beugin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
during the period of danish rule in the 11th century a standing fleet was maintained by taxation , and this continued for a time under the restored english regime of edward the confessor , who frequently commanded fleets in person .
the professional head of the naval service is the first sea lord .
full command of the royal navy is the job of commander-in-chief fleet -lrb- cincfleet -rrb- . the purpose of cincfleet is to provide ships , submarines and commando forces for military and diplomatic jobs as needed by the government .
cincfleet command headquarters are in portsmouth ; operational headquarters are at northwood , middlesex .
privately-owned ships combined with the navy royal in highly profitable raids against spanish commerce and colonies.238-53 , 281-6 , 292-6 in 1588 philip ii of spain sent the spanish armada against england to stop english support for the dutch rebels , to stop english pirate activity , and to depose elizabeth . the spaniards sailed from lisbon , planning to escort an invasion force from the spanish netherlands .
the royal navy has 90 ships including aircraft carriers , submarines , minesweepers and patrol vessels as well as the ships of the royal fleet auxiliary .
he became bishop of rochester on 15 march , bishop of worcester on 15 july 1476 and of ely on 6 october 1486 .
some of the functions of the abolished county councils were taken over by joint bodies such as passenger transport authorities , and joint fire , police and waste disposal authorities .
the strength of the fleets of the united kingdom of england was an important element in the kingdom 's power in the 10th century .
he is a member of the defense council and the admiralty board .
at one point aethelred ii had an especially large fleet built by a national levy of one ship for every 310 hides of land , but it is uncertain whether this was a standard or exceptional model for raising fleets .
the naval service is made up of the royal navy , royal marines , royal fleet auxiliary and reserve forces .
opel vectra was a car produced by the german carmaker opel from 1988 through 2008 , and branded as opel in europe -lrb- except for gb -rrb- , south africa , china , singapore , japan , taiwan , vauxhall in great britain , holden in australia and in new zealand , and chevrolet in latin america , thailand , indonesia , philippines , depending on the market .
a metropolitan borough -lrb- or metropolitan district -rrb- is a type of local government district in england and covers urban areas within metropolitan counties .
burt lancaster -lrb- november 2 , 1913 - october 20 , 1994 -rrb- , was an american actor and director .
crude tankers move large quantities of unrefined crude oil from its point of extraction to refineries .
an oil tanker , also known as a petroleum tanker , is a ship made for the bulk transport of oil .
there are two basic types of oil tankers : the crude tanker and the product tanker .
gone with the wind . ''
the title takes its name from the lines an ernest dowson poem : `` i have forgot much , cynara !
a permutation can be changed into another permutation by simply switching two or more of the objects . for example , the way four people can sit in a car is a permutation .
keidran jones -lrb- born 1987 -rrb- , better known by his stage name iyaz , is a singer and rapper .
his song `` replay '' reached number two on the billboard hot 100 in 2009 .
aimã jacquet -lrb- born 27 november 1941 -rrb- is a former french football player . he has played for france national team .
a square foot is a way to measure area . it is the area made by a square that has 1 foot sides .
the total of all mobile genetic elements in a genome may be referred to as the mobilome .
barbara mcclintock was awarded the 1983 nobel prize in physiology or medicine `` for her discovery of mobile genetic elements '' .
mobile genetic elements -lrb- mge -rrb- are a type of dna that can move around within the genome .
it was founded in 1878 .
please do not use styles that are unusual or hard to understand in articles .
ultimate fighting championship -lrb- ufc -rrb- is a u.s.-based mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- organization , currently seen as the largest mma promotion in the world .
it is based on the true story of juana maria , the `` lone woman of san nicolas '' , a native american woman left alone for 18 years on san nicolas island off the california coast before being rescued in 1853 .
montluel is a commune .
the word zen is translated from the chinese word chã n.
she has also made appearances on shows such as oliver beene , six feet under , the guardian , and general hospital .
gribbles , shipworms and bacteria decompose the wood and gradually turn it into nutrients that are reintroduced to the food web .
amanda joy `` aj '' michalka -lrb- born april 10 , 1991 -rrb- is an american singer and actress from torrance , california , usa .
she has also appeared with her sister in the mtv movie , super sweet 16 : the movie .
telepathy , taken from the greek ï î î '' î , tele meaning `` distant '' and ï î î î î î , patheia meaning `` to be affected by '' , , is the ability that is believed to allow people to speak to other people through thought .
atmospheric pressure is measured in hpa . the higher the place is , the lower the atmospheric pressure is there .
many people use driftwood as parts of decorative furniture or other art forms , and it is a popular element in the scenery of fish tanks .
how to grow a woman from the ground is a 2006 album by chris thile , who made the album with the how to grow a band , credited to chris thile .
iâ ve always been able to talk to girls , but iâ m scared of them .
a few days later , the group met again â to drop a ton of money , drink too much wine , eat steaks , and -lrb- talk -rrb- about our failed relationshipsâ .
the bass player thile was looking for turned out to be greg garrison , a friend of noam pikelny . before this , pikelny had played with garrison in the band leftover salmon .
for a side project away from his band nickel creek , chris thile knew he wanted to form a five-piece string band that featured mandolin , violin , banjo , acoustic guitar , and double bass . thile also wanted the band to feature his friend and fiddle player gabe witcher , but didnâ t know what kind of band he wanted it to be .
according to norse mythology , the first humans , ask and embla , were formed out of two pieces of driftwood , an ash and an elm , by the god odin and his brothers , ve and vili .
it was released on september 12 , 2006 .
â much of thile 's work on the album was inspired by his divorce , and thile said that he could relate to the title of the album , a tom brosseau song .
the shakuhachi -rcb- -rcb- is a japanese flute which is played vertically -lrb- up-down -rrb- like a recorder , instead of horizontally -lrb- from side to side -rrb- like the western transverse flute .
originally , it supported up to 64 kb of main memory . it was command-line based , and came before ms-dos .
driftwood carried by arctic rivers was the main , or sometimes only , source of wood for some inuit and other arctic populations living north of the tree-line until they came into regular contact with european traders .
it was written in 520 bce .
the couple has a son , jaden rayne boreanaz , who was born on may 1 , 2002 .
david boreanaz was born on may 16th , 1969 in buffalo , new york . he grew up in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
he was married to ingrid quinn from june 7 , 1997 to october 1999 . he married actress and model jaime bergman on november 24 , 2001 .
boreanaz 's only starring role in a major theatrical movie was in 2001 's slasher horror movie , valentine . this movie also starred denise richards and katherine heigl .
david paul boreanaz -lrb- born may 16 , 1969 -rrb- is an american actor . he is best known for his role on the television series buffy the vampire slayer and angel .
boreanaz ' first television acting job was a single episode on the hit american sitcom , married ... with children . he played kelly 's biker boyfriend .
in 2003 , he appeared in the music video for singer dido 's `` white flag '' . he was also the voice of leon -lrb- aka squall leonhart -rrb- in the video game kingdom hearts .
the absence of dinosaur genera from this time is because few fossils have been discovered , and almost certainly not because europe contained few types of dinosaurâ '' except , perhaps , immediately after the triassicâ `` jurassic extinction event .
by the start of the jurassic period , some 30 million years later , the supercontinent began to split into laurasia and gondwana .
as the timeline below illustrates , there are substantial gaps in our knowledge from the rest of the mesozoic .
dinosaurs evolved partway through the triassic period of the mesozoic era , around 230 ma -lrb- million years ago -rrb- .
driftwood can become the foundation for sand dunes .
assenede is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
he became president of the federal council in 2009 , and as such , he was acting head of state -lrb- 31 may - 30 june 2010 -rrb- following the resignation of german president horst kã hler .
since 2005 , he has served as the president of the senate and mayor of the free hanseatic city of bremen , that is , the head of government of the city-state of bremen .
he is a lawyer by profession and served as a judge in bremen from 1978 to 1995 , when he became a full-time politician .
it is a bird of large inland and coastal waters , especially shallow lakes .
this period ended in 1573 . in that year the 15th and the last shogun named ashikaga yoshiaki was forced to go out of the capital .
wiwaxia corrugata is an extinct species of animal known only from fossils found in canada 's burgess shale deposits .
robert tear -lrb- barry , glamorgan , wales on 8 march 1939 - 29 march 2011 -rrb- was a welsh tenor and conductor .
as a singer tear was especially known for his singing of the music of british composers benjamin britten and tippett .
yuki kaneko -lrb- born 29 may 1982 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
there were attempts to mutiny in 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention .
the demonstration was held to demand the release of two popular leaders of the indian independence movement , satya pal and saifuddin kitchlew , who had been earlier arrested on account of their protests .
the russian revolution had also started to influence india .
the events that followed the rowlatt act in 1919 were also influenced by the events linked to the ghadar conspiracy .
news of young mohajirs who fought on behalf of the turkish caliphate and later for the red army during the russian civil war was also beginning to reach india .
at the time , british indian army troops were returning from the battlefields of europe and mesopotamia to an economic depression in india .
indian soldiers smuggled arms into india to overthrow british rule .
james houssemayne du boulay is said to have ascribed a direct relationship between the fear of a ghadarite uprising in the midst of an increasingly tensed situation in punjab , and the british response that ended in the massacre .
the violence continued to increase , and resulted in the deaths of at least 5 europeans , including government employees and civilians .
in 1916 , the indian national congress and the muslim league signed the lucknow pact .
general augusto josã ramã n pinochet ugarte -lrb- november 25 , 1915 â `` december 10 , 2006 -rrb- was a chilean army general and president who led chile from 1973 to 1990 .
landes-sur-ajon is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
because police snipers do not always perform the same tasks as military snipers , police snipers are sometimes known as `` marksmen '' .
decent people wo n't believe too many angry remarks that others say about you .
most of the time , a sniper rifle has a telescope called a sniper scope to help the sniper see the target .
tteok is a korean traditional rice cake which is made of rice flour by kneading it with water .
those articles should be avoided , abandoned , as areas of continual confrontation , at least for a few weeks or months .
the philosopher ludwig wittgenstein first applied the term to propositional logic in 1921 .
japanese regional leagues is a football league which is fourth division in japan .
muhsin musabah -lrb- born 1 october 1964 -rrb- is a former united arab emirati football player .
falun gong -lrb- also known as falun dafa -rrb- is a spiritual discipline from china .
it was founded by li hongzhi in 1992 . people who follow falun gong do five exercises and read books written by li hongzhi .
plus , even a small percentage , of users , is a considerable number of difficult users .
they believe in `` truthfulness , compassion and forbearance '' , and they also believe that the falun gong exercises can make them healthy , and better people .
in 1999 , after a big falun gong gathering in front of a chinese government building , the communist party of china said : people can not practice falun gong , it is `` illegal '' . the police started arresting falun gong followers , and according to human rights organizations , over 3000 people has been jailed and tortured to death .
in 1999 , after a big falun gong gathering in front of a chinese government building , the communist party of china said : people can not practice falun gong , it is `` illegal '' .
madurai always considered to be a good pilgrim center . tourists from various part of the country and world are coming to madurai and enjoying a historical excellence .
countries bordering panama are costa rica in the northwest and colombia in the southeast .
most lizards rely heavily on body language , using specific postures , gestures and movements to define territory , resolve disputes , and entice mates .
simple wikipedia has roughly thousand registered users , so if the vast bulk of people were jerks , then every article would be totally trashed , and every user-page would be filled with warring insults added by everyone else .
its official name is the republic of panama , and it is most famous for the panama canal .
panama is between the caribbean sea and the pacific ocean .
the many islands of the archipiã lago de bocas del toro , near the beaches of costa rica , made an extensive natural roadstead and shield for the port of almirante .
however , cristã bal , at the caribbean terminus of the canal , had the only important port facilities in the late 1980s .
blanchard is a city of iowa in the united states .
gouy-en-ternois is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the actinides are the 14 chemical elements that are between actinium and lawrencium in the periodic table .
they are all metals .
small organic particles are moved into the mouth by the tube feet .
ophiuroids may also prey on small crustaceans or worms .
born in tbilisi , georgia -lrb- ruled at that time by imperial russia -rrb- to an armenian family , rouben relocated to england and started directing plays in london in 1922 .
consequently , they are encountered , every few days , and even though rare , they know how to be difficult .
atsushi natori -lrb- born 12 november 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
shortly after the marriage , the oldest of neeltje 's daughters had a child of her own , and so at only 23 years old dorus became known as `` opa '' in den helder where he lived .
on the basis of his reputation , he was granted the position of coxswain upon joining the nzhrm without having to prove his qualifications .
the helden der zee fonds ` dorus rijkers ' -lrb- dorus rijkers fund for the heroes of the sea -rrb- was created after dorus ' plight and that of other retired life-savers were chronicled in ` het vaderland ' .
he claimed that he had been forced to sell the gold medal of honor in order to buy himself a bicycle .
so it is not a real problem , like it might be in live social settings , where typically , insults must be backed by some real facts to convince others .
dorus and all of his crew members received a sum for each trial and each service .
while at sea , he saved all 25 crew members of the barque australia from drowning at sea .
at the end of his career , although he remained active , his role became more symbolic in nature .
in 1888 , dorus rijkers met king william iii of the netherlands after rescuing sailors from the german barque renown .
he had married neeltje huisman , a fisherman 's widow who already had 6 children .
the king gave dorus a gold medal of honor and smoked a pipe with him .
the vast majority of wikipedia articles are written by normal people , with healthy attitudes , and common courtesy .
there is a very large statue in honor of all the netherlands sea-rescuers , opened in 1935 .
during his nearly 30 years service with the nzhrm , dorus saved hundreds of people from drowning at sea , becoming legendary long before his retirement .
dorus gained most of his fame as a result of his service to the noord - en zuid-hollandsche redding maatschappij -lrb- nzhrm -rrb- , one of the two main dutch lifeboat-societies at the time .
in the waters where he served , he saved such large number of people with such effectiveness that the survival statistics increased dramatically .
although dorus joined the nzhrm as a volunteer , he worked so many hours that it precluded him from taking on other paid work .
theodorus `` dorus '' rijkers -lrb- january 28 1847 â `` april 19 1928 -rrb- was a famous dutch lifeboat captain and folk hero , he is most famous for his sea rescues of 487 shipwrecked victims over a total of 38 rescue operations and at least 25 before joining the lifeboat-service .
in 2000 , a special section of the proceedings of the national academy of sciences -lrb- pnas -rrb- was devoted to evo-devo , and an entire 2005 issue of the journal of experimental zoology part b : molecular and developmental evolution was devoted to the key evo-devo topics of evolutionary innovation and morphological novelty .
stephen jay gould called this approach to explaining evolution as terminal addition ; as if every evolutionary advance was added as new stage by reducing the duration of the older stages .
haeckel 's concept explained , for example , why humans , and indeed all vertebrates , have gill slits and tails early in embryonic development .
evolutionary developmental biology interprets development in the light of evolution .
the idea was based on observations of neoteny .
in on the origin of species -lrb- 1859 -rrb- , charles darwin proposed evolution through natural selection , a theory central to modern biology .
many famous people have lived in whittier , including richard nixon , who attended whittier high and was a lawyer in the bank of america building .
hisato satå -lrb- born 12 march 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima and japan national team .
even though they are few , when perhaps 5 people gang up and spew vitriol onto a new user , it gives the intense illusion , as one person concluded : `` the inmates are running the asylum '' .
it is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits saturn at an average distance of 24,505,000 km in 1432 days at an inclination of 168 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 152 â to saturn 's equator -rrb- with an eccentricity of 0.186 .
it was named in april 2007 , after fornjã t , a storm giant from norse mythology , father of ã gir , kã ri , and loge .
ø ø ù ø ø ù -rrb- born -lrb- november 9 , 1877 â `` april 21 , 1938 -rrb- was a muslim poet , philosopher and politician born in sialkot , british india -lrb- now in pakistan -rrb- . he wrote poetry in urdu and persian languages .
luis dos santos luz -lrb- born 29 november , 1909 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
dong fangzhuo -lrb- born 23 january 1985 -rrb- is a chinese football player .
if people really cared about that , then certainly all difficult users would have been banned for their reputations , many years ago , banned from the wiki-solar system long ago .
the zephyr song is a song on their by the way album by the red hot chili peppers .
it is common practice to include a link to your user page or user talk page -lrb- often both -rrb- ; the default signature links to the user page .
simple text signatures , which are stored along with the page content and use no more resources than the comments themselves , avoid these problems .
posting many links to one website is strongly discouraged on wikipedia .
it is common practice to include a link to your user page or user talk page -lrb- often both -rrb- ; the default signature links to the user page . at least one of those two pages must be linked from your signature , to allow other editors to find your talk page and changes log easily .
it is better to put information on your user page , rather than in your signature .
for example , see : en : user : î î ï î î î î î î 1\/4 î who is redirected from : en : user : paradigma and signs as î î ï î î î î î î 1\/4 î \/ paradigma .
judit polgã r -lrb- born 23 july 1976 -rrb- is a hungarian chess grandmaster . she is by far the strongest female chess player in history , p312 yet she has never played in the women 's world chess championship .
again , the interactions with difficult users can be so unpleasant that many people have quit .
she is by far the strongest female chess player in history , p312 yet she has never played in the women 's world chess championship .
according to chess rules , once a player has released a piece s\/he can not make a different move , so kasparov should have been made to play his original move .
in 1994 judit suffered a controversial defeat at the hands of then-world champion garry kasparov , the highest-rated chessplayer of all time .
in 1997 , videogamespot.com became videogames.com for a short time . afterward in 1998 , videogames.com and gamespot.com joined together to become a single site .
it might be tempting to try to reform the difficult users .
furtwã ngler gave the most famous concert of his career in 1951 .
furtwã ngler gave many successful concerts after the war .
most people have simply decided to ignore those difficult users and , also , ignore the veiled insults or other mud thrown at wiki-reputations .
today engineering industries and services form the largest part of economy in rheine .
in the end of thirty years ' war the city burned down almost completely .
jerseyville is a city of illinois in the united states .
they would do the maintenance of tracks , trains , signals , civil work and stations .
on 27 may 2008 , the company was transferred back into public ownership under the authority of transport for london .
from 18 july 2007 to 26 may 2008 , the company was in administration and had to be bailed out by the government .
they have a history of being difficult , so they 've had a lot of practice , and know all the tricks to upsetting people .
metronet rail was the brand of a partnership within the london underground group . the group was responsible for the maintenance and upgrade of the infrastructure on nine london underground lines .
the other half of the earth is the water hemisphere .
alexei nikolayevich kosygin -lrb- , aleksej nikolajeviä kosygin ; 21 february 1904 â `` 18 december 1980 -rrb- was a soviet-russian man who was premier of the soviet union .
crochet is a way of creating fabric from yarn or thread using a crochet hook to pull loops of yarn through other loops .
also , crochet can not be made by machine . crochet uses more yarn than knitting but is faster to make by hand .
it is similar to knitting , except that usually only one loop is active at one time , and that a crochet hook is used instead of knitting needles . also , crochet can not be made by machine .
craig william levein -lrb- born 22 october 1964 in dunfermline -rrb- is a scottish former professional footballer and current football manager .
during his playing career he played for cowdenbeath f.c. , heart of midlothian and won 16 caps for the scotland national team .
yuki maki -lrb- born 26 june 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the vehicles were marketed under dodge .
this was before 1979 , beginning in which year these vehicles would be renamed as dodge ram .
a moderate amount of personal discussion , with those users , could be considered as beneficial to wikipedia .
iraq national football team is the national football team of iraq .
she has also written music for young people such as lights and shadows -lrb- 1989 -rrb- which includes childrenâ s choir , recorder group and lots of percussion .
diana has written other orchestral works including concertos for viola , flute and clarinet , an opera the albatross -lrb- 1997 -rrb- , lots of choral works and chamber music .
another orchestral work has a long title in german : das meer so gross und weit ist da wimmelts ohne zahlgrosse kleine tiere -lrb- the sea is so big and wide and swarming with numerous little animals -rrb- .
each veiled insult , or slur , against your wiki-reputation can be given an easy spin , with follow-on wording that focuses on a strongly positive view about each comment .
she started her career as a viola player , but soon she started to become well-known for her compositions and became a full-time composer .
the argument of periapsis -lrb- ï -rrb- is the orbital element describing the angle of an orbiting body 's periapsis -lrb- the point of closest approach to the central body -rrb- , relative to its ascending node -lrb- the point where the body crosses the plane of reference from south to north -rrb- .
a dull veiled insult , obviously intended to scar your reputation -lrb- in writing -rrb- , is reformed into a 100x times greater compliment , to all who later see the entry .
-lrb- for specific types of orbits , words such as `` perihelion '' -lrb- for sun-centered orbits -rrb- , `` perigee '' -lrb- for earth-centered orbits -rrb- , `` pericenter '' -lrb- general -rrb- , etc. may replace the word `` periapsis '' .
the name recalls the 1928 novel belle de jour by joseph kessel and the 1967 movie , belle de jour , starring catherine deneuve , directed by luis buã uel .
belle de jour is said to be the pen name of a former london call girl . under this name she maintains a successful blog , belle de jour : diary of a london call girl which by 2003 had been selected by the guardian as its blog of the year and has had two books published in both the uk and us
in french `` belle de jour '' means `` beauty of -lrb- the -rrb- day , '' as opposed to `` femme de nuit '' or `` belle de nuit , '' women of the night -lrb- common references to prostitutes -rrb- .
it replaced both the fiat tempra and the fiat croma in 1996 , and were replaced by the fiat stilo multi wagon in 2002 .
musical instruments used in early music , i.e. medieval , renaissance , and baroque european classical music , especially those instruments no longer widely used today .
outside academia , tobin became widely known for his suggestion of a tax on foreign exchange transactions , now known as the `` tobin tax '' .
he advocated and developed the ideas of keynesian economics .
he also suggested that the money gained from the tax could be used to fund projects for the benefit of third world countries , or to support the united nations .
tobin 's academic work included pioneering contributions to the study of investment , monetary and fiscal policy and financial markets .
at the end of your messages on talk pages , please sign your name by typing four tildes -lrb- '' ~ ~ ~ ~ '' -rrb- .
feel free to write a note on the bottom of my talk page if you want to get in touch with me .
gresham street , is a street in the city of london , it is named after thomas gresham and runs from st. martin 's le grand near st paul 's cathedral in the west , past guildhall , to lothbury in the east .
people who have klinefelter 's syndrome are often called `` xxy males '' , or `` 47 , xxy males '' .
klinefelter 's syndrome , 47 , xxy , or xxy syndrome is when people have an extra number of x chromosomes .
electronic commerce more well known as e-commerce , consists of the buying or selling of products via electronic means such as the internet or other electronic services .
brazil national football team is the national football team of brazil .
wwe vintage collection is a professional wrestling television program from world wrestling entertainment highlighting action from the wwe video library .
however , soon , some of those users will likely `` archive '' your comment topics -lrb- as being old topics -rrb- from the active talk-page , further denying your voice about the article .
saipan -lrb- ipa : -lrb- saé ` pã n -rrb- , -lrb- saé ` pé ` n -rrb- , or -lrb- ` saé pã n -rrb- in english -rrb- is the largest island and capital of the united states commonwealth of the northern mariana islands -lrb- cnmi -rrb- , a chain of 15 tropical islands which are part of the marianas archipelago in the western pacific ocean -lrb- 15 â 10 â 51 â n , 145 â 45 â 21 â e -rrb- with a total area of 115.39 kmâ -lrb- 44.55 sq mi -rrb- . the 2000 census population was 62,392 .
population sans doubles comptes is a phrase in french that means population without double counting in english .
in france , because of the census , the insee has allowed people who live in one place and study in a different place to be counted twice , so as to show how the population moves .
friedrich dã 1\/4 rrenmatt -lrb- january 5th 1921 in konolfingen ; â december 14th 1990 in neuenburg\/neuch ã cents tel -rrb- was a writer and philosopher from switzerland .
in 1946 he published his first written work . one year later he married the actress lotti geissler .
each high court registry is headed by a legally trained registrar to give administrative and legal support for the working of the high court .
instead , just keep a private list , off-line from wikipedia , so that when the names of difficult users re-appear , you can review their infamous antics of the past , and take evasive action .
the eastern caribbean supreme court -lrb- ecsc -rrb- is a higher court for the organisation of eastern caribbean states -lrb- oecs -rrb- , including six independent states : antigua and barbuda , the commonwealth of dominica , grenada , saint kitts and nevis , saint lucia , saint vincent and the grenadines and three british overseas territories -lrb- anguilla , british virgin islands , and montserrat -rrb- .
in grenada , the court is called `` the supreme court of grenada and the west indies associated states '' .
the ecsc was set up in 1967 by the west indies associated states supreme court order no. 223 of 1967 .
the headquarters of the ecsc is in the heraldine rock building , waterfront , castries , saint lucia .
the building houses the justices of appealâ s chambers , the court of appeal registry , the judicial education institute , library , and the administrative services .
30 % of the world sugar production is from sugar beets .
sugar beets are grown for sugar .
now , remember , that several users might just be copy-catting bad behavior , so the first impressions , of how people behave , are somewhat misleading .
this can be made into sugar . sugar beets are grown for sugar .
sugar beet is a plant . its roots contain a high amount of sucrose .
this can be made into sugar .
sugar beet is a plant .
the biggest producers of sugar beet are the european union , the united states and russia .
gert engels -lrb- born 26 april 1957 -rrb- is a german football manager .
because of the hugely wonderful , over-the-top positive wording , those spins have a second benefit of laughing away the insults , which were not just undone , but thoroughly trounced , beaten down 100 times , by the overly-positive wording of the enthusiastic spin .
play ltd. , also known as play.com is a jersey-based online retailer of dvds , cds , books , gadgets , video games , drm-free mp3 downloads , and other electronic products , as well as clothes and accessories .
verjon is a commune .
leubringhen is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
tommy lee jones -lrb- born september 15 , 1946 -rrb- is an american actor and director .
paulo henrique miranda -lrb- born 21 february 1972 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
roh tae-woo -lrb- born december 4 , 1932 in daegu , south korea -rrb- , is the sixth president of south korea -lrb- 1988 â `` 1993 -rrb- .
both were released from prison in early 1998 , pardoned by then-president kim dae-jung .
in 1993 , roh 's successor kim young-sam led an anti-corruption campaign that saw roh and chun doo-hwan on trial for bribery .
chun was sentenced to death , later changed to life imprisonment . roh 's 22 1\/2 - year jail sentence was reduced to 17 years .
kendrick is a city of idaho in the united states .
ida grove is a city of iowa in the united states .
tramecourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the movie the secret policeman 's other ball was a successful release for miramax in the summer of 1982 .
miramax films is a american motion picture distribution and production company . it was headquartered in new york , new york before being bought out by the walt disney company .
it was created by the brothers harvey and bob weinstein in buffalo , new york in 1979 . the name comes from combining the first names of their parents max and miriam .
the company also made movies such as pulp fiction and shakespeare in love
the miramax name stayed with the movie studio owned by disney .
the weinsteins started a new movie production company titled the weinstein company and took the dimension movies label with them .
on march 30 , 2005 , disney and the weinsteins said that they would not renew their contract when their current one expired at the end of september 2005 .
miramax also has a family films division , miramax family films .
however , disney had the final say on what miramax could release .
it would be unethical to use wikipedia outside the stated policies of the wikimedia foundation , even when following good intentions .
buena vista motion pictures group took control of miramax , which will have a smaller annual production budget .
it is currently run by daniel battsek .
among the company 's most well known movies as distributors were the crying game , sex , lies , and videotape , tie me up !
the company became one of the leaders of the independent film revolution of the 1990s .
in 1952 , congress passed the smokey bear act , an act of congress , was passed to remove the character from the public domain and place it under the control of the secretary of agriculture .
according to richard earle , author of the art of cause marketing , the smokey bear campaign is recognized one of the most powerful and lasting of all public service advertising .
you will have won , completely , and avoided the insulting words of the difficult users .
the living symbol of smokey bear was an american black bear who , in the spring of 1950 , was caught in the capitan gap fire , a wildfire that burned 17000 a in the capitan mountains of new mexico . the cub was in the lincoln national forest .
the bear was named `` smokey '' after `` smokey '' joe martin , a new york city fire department hero who suffered burns and blindness during a brave 1922 rescue .
though the us forest service fought wildfires long before world war ii , the war made doing it even more important .
smokey bear -lrb- also sometimes called smokey the bear -rrb- is a mascot of the united states forest service .
the message underneath reads , `` smokey says â `` care will prevent 9 out of 10 forest fires ! ''
in the poster , smokey was wearing jeans and a `` forest ranger 's hat '' -lrb- a campaign hat -rrb- , pouring a bucket of water on a campfire .
however , japan saw wildfires as a possible weapon .
the character became a big part of american popular culture in the 1950s .
but they have n't ; instead , troublesome users are generally ignored , and so are their angry remarks about your wiki-reputation .
the forest service began using colorful posters to teach americans about the dangers of forest fires .
smokey had climbed a tree to get away from the fire , but his paws and hind legs had been burned .
the fictional character smokey bear is run by three groups : the united states forest service , the national association of state foresters , and the ad council smokey bear 's name and image are protected by u.s. federal law , the smokey bear act of 1952 -lrb- 16 u.s.c. 580 -lrb- p-2 -rrb- ; 18 u.s.c. 711 -rrb- .
also in 1944 , forest service worker rudy wendelin became the full time campaign artist ; he was considered smokey bear 's `` caretaker '' until he retired in 1973 .
a bridge on a string instrument is something that stands on the body of the instrument and supports the strings . it sends the vibrations of the strings to the main part of the instrument so that the sound can be heard .
tyra banks -lrb- born december 4 , 1973 -rrb- is a popular supermodel .
jetstar airways is a low-cost airline established by qantas to counter the expansion of virgin blue in australia .
in 2003 qantas bought the bankrupt impulse airlines , and established jetstar as a low-cost domestic subsidiary .
on 1 december , 2005 she started flying to 1st international airport in christchurch , new zealand .
lino marzoratti -lrb- born 12 october 1986 -rrb- is an italian football player .
grubbs received the 2005 nobel prize in chemistry , along with richard r. schrock and yves chauvin , for his work in the field of olefin metathesis .
his main interest is for organometallic chemistry and organic chemistry . these interests are for catalysts , such as grubbs ' catalyst for olefin metathesis and ring-opening metathesis polymerization and norbornene .
the illusion of `` jerk-ipedia '' is fostered when difficult users band together , as a sort of gang mentality .
he also produced some important work on `` living polymerization '' .
the video game was released on october 11 , 2000 in north america , october 25 , 2000 in the united kingdom and on november 10 , 2000 in the pal region .
kore is about 2 kilometers in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 23,239,000 km in 723.720 days , at an inclination of 141 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 139 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.2462 .
belle glade is a small city of palm beach county , florida in the united states on the south shore of lake okeechobee .
even though you never even entered the discussion , some users will predict your opinions -lrb- in writing -rrb- just to let others see how wrong you are about something you never said .
to monitor or monitoring generally means to be aware of the state of a system .
in ancient greece , a metic -lrb- greek : metoikos -rrb- was a foreigner living in a greek city-state -lrb- polis -rrb- . the metic did not have the same citizen rights as a citizen who was born in the state he was living in .
fã bio jã nior pereira -lrb- born 20 november 1977 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
based on page type detected it uses one of , , , and .
this meta-template is used to build message box templates that are used on several types of pages and thus need to change style depending on what page they are used on .
using those templates directly means that your template will look the same on its template page and at any other place you show it , which makes it clear on what kind of pages it is supposed to be used .
eusebio sacristã n -lrb- born 13 april 1964 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
raã l albiol -lrb- born 4 september 1985 -rrb- is a spanish football player . he plays for real madrid and spain national team .
he won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1951 for developing a vaccine against yellow fever .
at any given time , there are well over 50,000 highly significant article topics , so just visit some minor articles first , until those difficult users have lost interest in following .
kevin doyle -lrb- born 18 september 1983 -rrb- is an irish football player . he plays for wolverhampton wanderers and republic of ireland national team .
ahmet necdet sezer -lrb- born september 13 , 1941 in afyonkarahisar -rrb- was the tenth president of turkey .
finger food is the name for a number of foods that are usually eaten with the hands , as opposed to using utensils , like forks , knives or chopsticks .
examples of finger food are small beef pies , sausage rolls , sausages on sticks , cheese and olives on sticks , chicken drumsticks or wings , spring rolls , small quiches , samosas , onion bhajis , potato wedges , vol au vents , and risotto balls .
in some cultures , food is almost always eaten with the hands ; for example , ethiopian cuisine is eaten by rolling various dishes up in injera bread .
other well-known foods that are generally eaten with the hands include pizza , hot dogs , fruit and bread .
bragg was always known as sir lawrence bragg , and his father was sir william bragg .
sir william lawrence bragg ch obe mc frs -lrb- 31 march 1890 â `` 1 july 1971 -rrb- was an australian-born british physicist and x-ray crystallographer .
he was joint winner -lrb- with his father , sir william bragg -rrb- of the nobel prize for physics in 1915 .
he was elected an frs in 1921 .
the problem of wiki-stalking involves tracing user-editing of various pages , along with determining a list of people you have contacted , by analyzing your access to user-talk pages , or other websites .
he was the director of the cavendish laboratory , cambridge , when the discovery of the structure of dna was made by james d. watson and francis crick in february 1953 .
dennis `` denny '' green -lrb- born february 17 , 1949 in harrisburg , pennsylvania -rrb- is a former head coach for the minnesota vikings and arizona cardinals , in the national football league .
there are many nicknames for `` daniel '' : dan , danny -lrb- english -rrb- and danya -lrb- russia -rrb- .
to avoid them , perhaps just switch the subject to edit even 5 other , minor articles , and the trolls will lose interest , because the controversial issue they debated has been washed away by the numerous details in 5 dull articles .
laupersdorf is a municipality in the district thal in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
the 2-lipped , tubular flowers are borne on erect sprikes in mid-summer .
peter binkovski -lrb- born 28 june 1972 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player .
only a few users are difficult , so they should be avoided to keep working with the nice guys .
he was nicknamed `` the golden brett '' which was a play off of his father 's nickname , `` the golden jet '' .
his father is bobby hull and he is the nephew of dennis hull .
hermann muhs -lrb- 16 may 1894 in jã 1\/4 hnde - 13 april 1962 in gã ttingen -rrb- was a secretary of state and minister for church questions .
the jet propulsion laboratory -lrb- jpl -rrb- is a nasa research center located in pasadena , california .
hurricane diana was the first major hurricane in eastern north carolina in almost three decades .
the fall of hyperion is the second science fiction book in his hyperion cantos series by dan simmons .
free content , or free information , is any kind of work , artwork , or other creative content which does not have lots of legal restriction about how people can use it .
they showed the chert was indeed produced by a hot spring setting . cores were drilled in 1988 and 1997 .
to sing as a round , one singer -lrb- or group of singers -rrb- would begin at the beginning , a second singer would start at the beginning as the first got to the point marked with the red cross , then the third would join in when the second singer got to the red cross , and so on until all six were singing .
marco di vaio -lrb- born 15 july 1976 -rrb- is an italian football player . he plays for bologna .
typically , a website would have restricted the membership to like-minded people , to those showing a serious interest , but wikipedia has almost no restrictions for user access .
although many people are often very cooperative , there are limits , and when facing a massive confrontation , the situation can seem hopelessly deadlocked .
for over 9 years , wikipedia has presented an open environment where , every week , thousands of people try to work together to write and review articles .
be willing to let others have the months , or years , they need to grow and learn how to cooperate in more civilized ways .
however , wikipedia is funded to write the encyclopedia , not provide cyber-counseling or psychiatric treatment to disturbed individuals , and not to convert the hearts of hateful people to become humanized or christianized .
it is an environment that most people have probably never seen before , and they would never be expected , anywhere else , to work so closely with that many thousands of unscreened people .
this essay , wikipedia : accepting other users , concerns working with other users , plus methods to cope with the stress of handling difficult situations . it is important to try to accept other users and reduce tensions that can not be avoided entirely .
an analogy that might be helpful , to consider , is the way pets behave when meeting others : a dog is very likely to growl and bark at someone they have never met , yet become extremely friendly and cooperative several months later .
abandoned children , raised in isolation , do not magically become `` well-groomed '' gentlemen of polite society .
perhaps the most you can do is to say a prayer , or otherwise , counsel with them outside the scope of wikipedia , but always protect your identity : `` beyond this point , there be demons '' .
in a tragedy , sadness is often be expected , but some might see destruction as a cause for extreme joy .
on balance , it would be preferable to merely accept , at some level , the actions of other users , and let go of any resentments , anger , or stress .
however , sometimes , there is a need to resolve a conflict and try to forge some type of compromise to reach a true consensus , despite the difficulties involved .
people trying to write articles can face opposition , or get help , from many different people .
there are many ways to alleviate the stress , caused when handling difficult situations .
mustering the renewed enthusiasm , to improve even one more article , is the ultimate win .
be prepared to face people with radically different backgrounds and limited amounts of education .
in a sense , wikipedia is a grand social experiment -lrb- though not officially -rrb- which poses the question : `` what if everyone had to co-exist , without shooting each other or putting people in jails ? ''
consider some related analogies :
the form of the coat of arms was most recently revised in 1968 .
red , white , and green are the colors of the national liberation army in mexico .
the flag of the united mexican states or mexico is a tricolor of green , white , and red with an eagle charged in the center of the white stripe .
it recalls the legend that inspired the aztecs to settle on what was originally a lake-island .
there is a ribbon in the national colors at the bottom of the coat of arms .
the current law of national symbols , law on the national arms , flag , and anthem , that governs the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984 .
the circle would be regarded as a degenerate case . with the circle , the function would not be strictly monotonic , but constant .
spirals are also a symbol of hypnosis . this most likely comes from the clichã of people and cartoon characters being hypnotized by staring into a spinning spiral -lrb- one example being kaa in disney 's the jungle book -rrb- .
where is the index number of the floret and is a constant scaling factor , and is a form of fermat 's spiral .
for example , a conic helix may be defined as a spiral on a conic surface , with the distance to the apex an exponential function of î .
many types , of difficult users , can be detected early , by off-balance actions that they employ : `` where there 's smoke there 's fire '' .
the angle 137.5 â is related to the golden ratio and gives a close packing of florets .
the study of spirals in nature have a long history , christopher wren found out that many shells form a logarithmic spiral .
a model for the pattern of florets in the head of a sunflower was proposed by h vogel .
a two-dimensional spiral may be described most easily using polar coordinates . there the radius r is a continuous monotonic function of angle î -lrb- theta -rrb- .
jan swammerdam observed the common mathematical characteristics of a wide range of shells from helix to spirula and henry nottidge moseley described the mathematics of univalve shells .
for a helix with thickness , see spring -lrb- math -rrb- .
the spiral is also a prominent symbol in the anime gurren lagann , where it symbolizes the double helix structure of dna , representing biological evolution , and the spiral structure of a galaxy , representing universal evolution .
he describes how shells are formed by rotating a closed curve around a fixed axis , the shape of the curve remains fixed but its size grows in a geometric progression .
perhaps the most that can be done is to lodge a `` pov dispute '' on an article 's talk-page , but not carry out a protracted debate , because the difficult users will likely escalate any rebellion to become wiki-stalking and hounding of their rivals .
dâ arcy wentworth thompson 's on growth and form gives extensive treatment to these spirals .
in some shell such as nautilus and ammonites the generating curve revolves in a plane pirpendicular to the axis and the shell will form a planer discoid shape .
the helix and vortex can be viewed as a kind of three-dimensional spiral .
thompson also studied spirals occurring in horns , teeth , claws and plants .
they are also used as a symbol of dizziness , where the eyes of a cartoon character , especially in anime and manga , will turn into spirals to show they are dizzy or dazed .
many difficult users tend to block progress , and some simply want to stop others from writing , or expanding articles , with information they do n't want to be shown .
izegem is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
thierry henry -lrb- born 17 august 1977 in les ulis , essonne , france -rrb- is a french football player .
txiki begiristain -lrb- born 12 august 1964 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
the british invasion is an event where many rock and roll , beat , and pop bands from the united kingdom became very popular in the united states , australia , and canada .
the bomb was dropped on the japanese city of hiroshima on august 6 , 1945 by the american army who were trying to end world war ii . enola gay was the name of the plane that dropped little boy .
the reason each spin can work so well , against the insults , is that , typically , an insulting remark must be mild -lrb- otherwise it becomes a vicious personal attack -rrb- , so consequently the positive spin can easily claim a viewpoint 100x times the opposite , as an enormous compliment .
biricodar is dicitrate salt called incel . it is a pharmaceutical drug made by vertex pharmaceuticals in 1999 to help treat ovarian cancer patients .
aiden mcgeady -lrb- born 4 april 1986 -rrb- is an irish football player .
gland , aisne is a commune .
armed with this gene , the former ii-r strain bacteria were now protected from the host 's immune system and could kill the host .
today , we know that the `` transforming principle '' griffith saw was the dna of the iii-s strain bacteria .
the iii-s strain covers itself with a polysaccharide capsule that protects it from the host 's immune system .
in this experiment , bacteria from the iii-s strain were killed by heat , and their remains were added to ii-r strain bacteria .
griffith 's experiment , was an experiment done in 1928 by frederick griffith . it was one of the first experiments showing that bacteria can get dna through a process called transformation .
while neither harmed the mice on their own , the blend of the two was able to kill mice .
these bacteria infect mice . he used a type iii-s -lrb- smooth -rrb- and type ii-r -lrb- rough -rrb- strain .
he concluded that the type ii-r had been `` transformed '' into the lethal iii-s strain by a `` transforming principle '' that was somehow part of the dead iii-s strain bacteria .
the iii-s strain dna contains the genes that form the shielding polysaccharide part from attack .
griffith was also able to get both live ii-r and live iii-s strains of pneumococcus from the blood of these dead mice .
while the bacteria had been killed , the dna had survived the heating process and was taken up by the ii-r strain bacteria .
marenla is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
joseph vincent flacco -lrb- born january 16 , 1985 in audubon , new jersey -rrb- is an american football starting quarterback for the baltimore ravens of the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
the chert was formed when silica-rich water from volcanic springs rose and rapidly petrified the early terrestrial ecosystem in situ . organisms are petrified that way by hot springs today , although that quality of preservation has not been found in recent deposits .
no , instead , most wiki-people are basically good , and it is just a `` small group '' of difficult users who cause most problems .
camps-sur-l ` isle is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
microsoft frontpage is a program made by microsoft to help people make webpages and full websites .
leo wilden -lrb- born 3 july , 1936 -rrb- is a former german football player .
try to tune out the difficult users and , instead , always remember the millions of other people who are helping to improve wikipedia .
most people think of it as sweet bread , and it sometimes has cinnamon in it .
sokoto is a city in the northwest of nigeria , near to where the sokoto river and rima river meet . the people in sokoto are mostly muslims .
the people in sokoto are mostly muslims .
feelin ' so good is the first dvd by american singer jennifer lopez , released in november 2000 .
one user thought the solution was to list every difficult user on his user-talk page , but that tends to merely anger them .
the polyplacophorans may have formed when an aberrant monoplacophoran was born with multiple centres of calcification , rather than the usual one .
chitons have a relatively good fossil record , stretching back 400 million years to the devonian .
selection acted on the resultant conical shells to form them to overlap into protective armor . their original cones are homologous with the tips of the plates of modern chitons .
some species live quite high in the intertidal zone and are exposed to the air and light for long periods .
before this , some organisms have been interpreted -lrb- tentatively -rrb- as stem-group polyplacophora ; the record of polyplacophora stretches back to the upper cambrian .
kimberella and wiwaxia of the precambrian and cambrian may be related to ancestral polyplacophora .
there are relatively few difficult users , but they need to be avoided to stay focused on writing the encyclopedia , and not let petty squabbles cause frustrations and doubts about other , decent users .
harold clayton lloyd , sr. -lrb- april 20 , 1893 -- march 8 1971 -rrb- was a famous american actor and producer .
although lloyd 's movies were not as commercially successful as charlie chaplin 's lloyd made a lot more money than chaplin during their film years . -lrb- $ 15.7 million to chaplin 's $ 10.5 million -rrb- .
akhrik tsveiba -lrb- born 10 september 1966 -rrb- is a former ukrainian-russian football player .
wittes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
novã ves u svä tlã is a village in the havlã ä kå v brod district , vysoä ina region of the czech republic .
he was looked down on by some as a climate change denier in february 2009 , his widow gave birth to his only , posthumous son , john michael todd crichton .
consequently , because of that focus , the simple act of ignoring troublesome users , and moving on to improve another article , constitutes a total victory over their attempts to block other people from working on other articles , although the trolled articles are virtually hopeless .
crichton is well known for jurassic park , a book that became a film series .
levardis robert martyn burton , jr. -lrb- born february 16 , 1957 -rrb- , commonly known as levar burton , is an american actor .
he is probably best known for his role in the popular television series star trek : the next generation , and as the host of the pbs show reading rainbow .
he became controller after jane root departed in may 2004 to become the executive vice president and general manager of the us-based discovery channel . jane root was appointed in 1999 and was the first woman to be appointed controller of a bbc television channel .
economic nationalism is the idea that a state should have control over its economy , labor and how capital is formed .
the magna carta led to the constitutional rule of today .
just as the troll exerts power against those wanting to cross the bridge , the difficult users feel they have a `` captive audience '' in particular articles .
only three of the original clauses in magna carta are still law today .
love story is a song by country music artist taylor swift .
repentance is an act recognized in judaism , christianity , and islam .
the circle jerks are a legendary punk rock band from california .
the band was formed in 1979 by black flag 's original singer , keith morris , and future bad religion guitarist greg hetson .
many difficult users have left within 2 years of joining wikipedia , as they struggled to gain more power , but were continually ignored or rejected .
wysiwyg -lrb- or \/ ë wé zé wé g \/ -rrb- , is an acronym for what you see is what you get , used in computing to describe a system where things you type when you are editing appear almost the same to the final output , which might be a printed document , a web page , a powerpoint presentation or even the lighting for a concert .
beussent is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
eusã bio -lrb- born 25 january 1942 -rrb- is a former portuguese football player . he has played for portugal national team .
nymphaeales is an order of plants , which consists of water lilies and other aquatic plants .
james patrick caviezel , jr. -lrb- ; born september 26 , 1968 -rrb- is an american movie actor . he is sometimes called jim caviezel .
they are called variola major and variola minor . some people also call smallpox variola , named after the viruses ' scientific name .
even in 1967 , about 15 million people caught the disease , and about two million people died of it , according to the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- .
they are called variola major and variola minor .
during the first half of the 20th century , between 300 million and 500 million people died of this disease .
the american fork river , in utah , leaves the wasatch mountains out of american fork canyon about 35 miles southeast of salt lake city .
the river starts on mount timpanogos and the river runs down through american fork canyon .
roger daltrey sings most of the song , with pete townshend singing the middle eight : `` do n't cry\/don ' t raise your eye\/it 's only teenage wasteland '' .
look for 2 or more warning signs , and compare as repeated patterns of behavior .
edgar winter -lrb- born december 28 , 1946 -rrb- is an albino musician from beaumont , texas .
tokelau does not have an official capital . most important languages spoken in tokelau are english and tokelauan .
tokelau is also a village in tuvalu , see tokelau -lrb- tuvalu -rrb- . tokelau is an island group located in the pacific ocean .
tokelau does not have an official capital .
sierra leone national football team is the national football team of sierra leone .
however , other less maniacal users have acted as `` semi-trolls '' with more balance , and remained years longer .
this page provides information about the use of open proxies to read and change pages on the simple english wikipedia .
if you have received a message that you are blocked from editing as an open proxy , please see this help page .
non-static ip addresses or hosts that are otherwise not permanent proxies should typically be blocked for a shorter period of time , as it is likely the ip address will eventually be transferred or dynamically reassigned , or the open proxy closed .
open or anonymising proxies may be blocked from editing for any period at any time .
while this may affect legitimate users , they are not the intended targets and may freely use proxies until those are blocked .
mediawiki , the wiki software that powers wikipedia , depends on ip addresses for administrator intervention against abuse , especially by anonymous users .
several such attacks have occurred on wikimedia projects , causing disruption and occupying administrators who would otherwise deal with other concerns .
again , many difficult users have a lot of impact , so some new users might get goaded into bad behavior , in a copy-cat manner , and it takes a few combined actions to realize the behavior is a pattern of intentional , negative , and insulting actions by truly difficult users .
no restrictions are placed on reading through an open or anonymous proxy .
this policy is known to cause difficulty for some editors , who must use open proxies to circumvent censorship where they live ; for example , citizens of the people 's republic of china , from which access to the chinese language edition of wikipedia is currently blocked by the government 's golden shield project .
the term is also used as a synonym for the north caucasus economical region of russia .
lochieu is a commune .
similar to a legendary troll under the bridge , who waits and makes demands of travellers trying to cross the bridge , the difficult users tend to hang around some significant articles , knowing that certain people will want to change or correct part of the text .
until this time , movies were sold on a state-wide or regional basis .
in 1916 , adolph zukor created a three-way merger of his famous players film company , jesse l. lasky 's lasky feature play company , and paramount .
this was inefficient and costly to producers .
by the end of 1949 , they had become hertha bsc berlin again .
although they do n't necessarily know where anyone lives , some difficult users find where you write .
hertha and bsc split in 1930 , and hertha won the championship again in 1931 .
by 1997 hertha got back into the bundesliga .
after world war ii , occupying allied authorities banned most organizations in germany , including sports and football clubs .
hertha bsc is a german football club based in berlin . they started in 1892 .
bsc left that site when it joined the bundesliga in 1963 .
throughout the 1950 's there was a rivalry with tennis borussia berlin , but the idea of the two merger between the two clubs in 1958 was rejected .
most recently , bright spots for the side have been a continuous string of appearances in international play in the uefa cup and the uefa champions league beginning in the 1999 season , and the signing of players such as sebastian deisler and brazilian international marcelinho , named the bundesliga 's player of the year in may of 2005 .
in the 1949\/50 season the soviets would not allow hertha to play against east german teams , because they had signed some players and a coach who had left the dresden club sg friedrichstadt for west berlin .
german football was re-organized under the third reich in 1933 into sixteen top-flight divisions , which saw hertha playing in the gauliga berlin-brandenburg .
hertha is a variation on the name nerthus , a germanic fertility goddess .
the club continued to be successful in their division , regularly finishing in the upper half of the table and capturing the divisional title in 1935 , 1937 , and 1944 .
hertha restarted at the end of 1945 as sg gesundbrunnen -lrb- named after a district of northern berlin -rrb- and resumed play in the oberliga berlin - gruppe c. the thirty-six teams of the first season of the postwar oberliga berlin were reduced to just 12 the next year and the club found itself out of first division football and playing in the amateurliga berlin .
hertha has also invested heavily in its own youth football academy , which has produced several players with bundesliga potential .
to keep a berlin team in the bundesliga , tasmania 1900 berlin , were promoted instead . tasmania were the worst side ever in the bundesliga history .
also , if most trouble makers are ignored rather than scolded , then they lose interest when their victims escape the trap of posting angry replies , so they move on to find other victims .
one of the men who founded the club had taken a day trip on this ship with his father .
hertha had to sell the team 's former home ground in 1974 when investigations about the match fixing scandal of 1971 showed that the club was 6 million dm -lrb- â 12 million -rrb- in debt .
because of money troubles in 1920 hertha merged with the richer berliner sport-club to form hertha berliner sport club .
by 1994 hertha bsc was 10 million dm -lrb- â 20 million -rrb- in debt .
in the show , 15-year-old sokka is a warrior of the south pole 's southern water tribe , a race of people who can control water .
acrocanthosaurus was a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in north america during the early cretaceous period .
in the film version , the last airbender , in which is his name is pronounced differently , the character is played by jackson rathbone .
in `` sokka 's master '' -lrb- the 4th episode of third season -rrb- sokka expresses self-doubt and worry that he is not usefull as much to the group as his bender companions are .
when sokka was thirteen , his father and the other village men left to help the earth kingdom to fight against the fire nation , leaving him and his sister to look after their tribe with their grandmother , gran gran .
in the end , sokka is seen at iroh 's tea shop in ba sing se where everyone teases a painted picture he created of the entire team , wherein he altered some factual details to make the scene more `` memorable '' .
cannabis -lrb- pronounced -rrb- -lrb- also called cannabis sativa , cannabis indica , or marijuana -rrb- is a plant .
in a compromised position , the pair are attacked by two soldiers , whom sokka defeats at the cost of his sword and boomerang .
he , along with his younger sister katara , discovers an airbender named aang , the long-lost avatar , and accompanies him on his mission to win the fire nation and bring peace to the world .
rather than fighting with brute force and flawless technique , sokka 's creativity and heterodox approach to things are the cornerstones of his technique , and his master notes that in time sokka will be a superior swordsman .
at zuko 's coronation , suki is reunited with her fellow kyoshi warriors , sokka and katara are reunited with their father , with the rest of the group reunited with their friends .
in the two-hour series finale , sokka and katara meet with katara 's waterbending master , pakku , who has now married their grandmother .
michael dante dimartino and bryan konietzko said that sokka was originally designed to be much more low-key , but when his comedian voice actor jack desena came in and brought liveliness to his character , they began writing towards that strength .
upon discovering that aang was the avatar , destined to master all four elements and bring peace to the world , sokka relented , realizing that they had a common enemy in the fire nation .
sokka and toph are separated from suki and attack another airship , but sokka breaks his leg and strains his arm grabbing hold of toph , who was falling off the ship .
in the battle against ozai , sokka , his girlfriend suki , and toph destroyed a fire nation airship and use it to destroy others of its kind while aang duels with the phoenix king -lrb- ozai -rrb- .
in 1972 the district became together with gã 1\/4 nzburg -lrb- district -rrb- and the urban district gã 1\/4 nzburg , the gã 1\/4 nzburg district in todays form .
the slovak climate is temperate , with warm summers and cloudy , cold and humid winters .
andy 's toys are welcomed by the numerous toys at sunnyside , and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by lots-o ' - huggin ' bear -lrb- ned beatty -rrb- -lrb- a.k.a. `` lotso '' -rrb- , lotso 's chief enforcer big baby -lrb- woody smith -rrb- , and the smooth-talking ken -lrb- michael keaton -rrb- , the latter of whom barbie -lrb- jodi benson -rrb- falls in love with .
even though chuckles realized the truth , an embittered lotso convinced big baby that they were abandoned , and used big baby 's size to help him take control of the toys at sunnyside in the fashion of organized crime .
at andy 's house , woody climbs back into the box with andy 's college supplies while the other toys resign themselves to the attic .
andy , mistaking it for a note from his mom , takes the box to bonnie 's home , introduces his old toys to bonnie and gives her the toys to play with .
worried for his friends , woody hurries back to the daycare and finds that they have been put on task to be played with the rambunctious , toy-abusing youngest toddlers .
as a garbage truck approaches , woody explains to big baby that lotso has lied to him and that his owner still loved him , whereupon big baby , ken and the other sunnyside toys turn on lotso and push him into the dumpster .
they help lotso to reach an emergency stop button , but instead he escapes and leaves them to be burned .
andy decides to take woody -lrb- tom hanks -rrb- with him to college and intends to store the other toys in the attic .
she takes him home and plays with him along with her other toys , who are well treated , happy , and readily welcome woody .
a misunderstanding with andy 's slightly aged mother -lrb- laurie metcalf -rrb- results in the other toys being thrown away , making them think they are no longer wanted ; they escape and decide to climb in a box to be donated to a daycare center called sunnyside , along with woody .
in the process , buzz is accidentally reset into a spanish-speaking mode during an attempt to restore him to normal .
woody rejoins his friends and they work out an escape plan involving the garbage dumpster .
hot springs , with temperatures between 90 t , were active ; the water had probably cooled to under 30 c before it reached the fossilised organisms .
the daily news of new york city is a daily tabloid newspaper . as of a 2009 study by burrellesluce , a media relations measurement service , it is the fifth most-widely distributed daily newspaper in the united states , publishing and selling .
however , lotso manages to pull woody in with him just as the garbage truck collects the dumpster .
in the end , bonnie recognizes woody , laying at the bottom of the box , to andy 's surprise .
all of the toys are quickly enamored with their new home , leaving woody to try to return to andy on his own .
believing they are at their final moments , the toys join hands , but they are rescued just in time by the squeeze toy aliens -lrb- jeff pidgeon -rrb- using a giant crane .
woody has a last minute inspiration , and leaves a note to andy on the toys ' box .
woody 's friends board the truck to rescue him , during which buzz is hit by a falling television while saving jessie -lrb- joan cusack -rrb- , finally returning to his old self .
woody and the other toys find themselves wanted and played with again , and learn through notes passed in bonnie 's backpack that barbie , ken , and big baby have turned around the life of all the toys at sunnyside for the better .
they are also kept under guard at night by buzz -lrb- tim allen -rrb- whom lotso has reverted to a demonstration state to destroy his memories , restoring his original `` space ranger '' persona and allying with him .
lotso , along with big baby and chuckles , were once accidentally lost by their original owner , daisy .
a 17-year old andy -lrb- john morris -rrb- is packing for college and his toys , who have not been played with in a long time , feel forgotten and abandoned .
woody is elated until he hears about lotso from chuckles the clown -lrb- bud luckey -rrb- .
however , unlike a wet t-shirt contest the water used is warm instead of cold .
the chemical it is made up of is called zirconium silicate : zrsio4 .
in addition , the oxygen isotopic compositions of some of these zircons indicate that more than 4.4 billion years ago there was already water on the surface of the earth .
this interpretation is supported by additional trace element data , but is also the subject of debate .
zircons from the jack hills in the narryer gneiss terrane , yilgarn craton , western australia , have yielded uâ `` pb -lrb- uraniumâ `` lead radioactive dating -rrb- ages up to 4.404 billion years . this is judged to be the age of crystallization , making them the oldest minerals so far dated on earth .
in the 1850s many australians traveled to california to take part in the california gold rush .
drainage removes swamps which provide a habitat for mosquito larvae , but such drainage can also destroy harmless habitats by accident .
the 1991 oakland hills firestorm which destroyed almost 3,000 homes and killed 25 people was partly fueled by large numbers of eucalyptus in the area close to the houses .
eucalypts began between 35 and 50 million years ago , not long after australia and new guinea separated from gondwana . their coming coincides with an increase in fossil charcoal deposits -lrb- which might mean that fire was important to them even then -rrb- , but they remained a minor component of the rainforest until about 20 million years ago , when the gradual drying of the continent and lessening of soil richness led to the growth of a more open forest type , with mainly casuarina and acacia trees .
eucalypts have also been used as a way of reducing malaria by draining the soil in such places as algeria , sicily mainland europe and california .
much of california has similar climate to parts of australia , and some people had the idea of introducing eucalyptus .
despite the similar name and appearance , this species is unrelated to the eurasian black vulture .
eucalyptus oil is an insect repellent -lrb- fradin & day 2002 -rrb- .
because of their fast growth , the main benefit of these trees is the wood .
by the early 1900s thousands of hectares of eucalyptus were planted with the encouragement of the state government .
the dead bark and fallen branches are also flammable .
one way in which the eucalyptus , mainly the blue gum , proved valuable in california was in providing windbreaks for highways , orange groves , and other farms in the mostly treeless central part of the state .
the same fire which had little impact on forests around canberra has resulted in thousands of hectares of dead forests .
on warm days eucalyptus oil vapor rises above the bush to create the well-known distant blue haze of the australian landscape .
in some parts of california eucalyptus forests are being removed , and native trees and plants restored .
although a common and widespread species , it has a somewhat more restricted distribution than its compatriot , the turkey vulture , which breeds well into canada and south to tierra del fuego .
it was hoped that they would provide a renewable source of timber for construction and furniture making .
eucalypts were first introduced to the rest of the world by sir joseph banks , botanist on the cook expedition in 1770 .
eucalypts draw a very large amount of water from the soil .
eucalyptus oil is refined from the leaves by steaming . it can be used for cleaning , deodorising , and in very small amounts in food supplements , especially sweets , cough drops and decongestants .
they have been planted -lrb- or re-planted -rrb- in some places to lower the water table and reduce the amount of salt in the soil .
fire is also a problem .
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticized because they drive out the native plants and do not support native animals .
eucalyptus can be found in almost every part of the australia .
sometimes the data in the database may also be changed . a database transaction is generally atomic .
fast growth also makes eucalypts suitable as windbreaks .
several species have become invasive -lrb- spreading out of the area they were planted in -rrb- and are causing major problems for local wildlife .
eucalyptus oil catches fire very easily , and bush fires can travel quickly through the oil-rich air of the tree crowns .
ali al-habsi -lrb- born 30 december 1981 -rrb- is an omani football player .
the mass number of an element is equal to the molar mass of the element . the molar mass of a chemical compound is the amount that has 6.022 x 1023 molecules .
the mass number of an element is equal to the molar mass of the element .
theodore james -lrb- tj -rrb- wilson is a canadian pro wrestler working for the world wrestling entertainment , wrestling on the smackdown brand .
primarily , the class 378 will feature fully longitudinal seating similar to that used on london underground rolling stock , which is necessary for the high passenger volume services expected to be run on london overground .
she starred in the films pearl harbor -lrb- 2001 -rrb- , underworld -lrb- 2003 -rrb- and van helsing -lrb- 2004 -rrb- .
fall of a kingdom is the first book in the farsala trilogy by american author hilari bell .
masaki yokotani -lrb- born 10 may 1952 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
larry griffin -lrb- september 23 , 1954 - june 21 , 1995 -rrb- - was a man accused of killing 19-year-old quintin moss .
in singapore , primary school refers to those students who are normally between the ages of 7 to 12 .
primary school is often used in private or independent schools . -lrb- in private or independent schools the government does not give the schools money . -rrb-
at the end of p6 , students sit for a national level primary school leaving exam -lrb- psle -rrb- which is used for placement into secondary school . prior to primary school , pupils attend kindergarten school for 2 years .
at the end of p6 , students sit for a national level primary school leaving exam -lrb- psle -rrb- which is used for placement into secondary school .
bacteroides is a genus of gram-negative bacteria .
unusual in bacterial organisms , bacteroides membranes contain sphingolipids .
the dna base composition is 40-48 % gc .
they also contain meso-diaminopimelic acid in their peptidoglycan layer .
along with being in pink floyd , he has worked as a record producer for other musicians . gilmour has also recorded and released albums as a solo performer .
david jon gilmour cbe -lrb- born 6 march 1946 -rrb- is an english musician . he is most famous for being a guitarist , singer and songwriters in the rock band pink floyd .
the republic 's lands also included drenthe -lrb- one of the 17 , but without the autonomous status of the others -rrb- , and parts of brabant , limburg and flanders , which were considered to be `` conquered lands '' and were governed directly by the staten-generaal , the parliament . from this came their name generality lands .
the rhynie chert is an lower devonian sedimentary deposit , part of the old red sandstone . it has extraordinary fossil details , and is a lagerstã tte .
their status changed once they came under the influence of a ruler . this single ruler then centralised their administration .
in 1806 the kingdom of holland replaced the republic to further french interests .
today , they are non-autonomous subdivisions of the national state . there are again numbering 17 provinces , though not all are the same as the 16th century ones .
elected from its members are the gedeputeerde staten , a college charged with most executive tasks . this college is presided by the commissaris van de koningin or royal commissioner , appointed by the crown .
it was during this administration that holland was first split in two , with the department of amstelland to the north and that of maasland to the south .
swahili fishermen of today still rely on the ocean to supply their primary source of income .
there are arab , persian , and other migrants who reached the coast some believe as early as the 7th-8th c. ce , and mixed with the local people there , that are regarded as swahili now . because of this influence the swahili language contains many loan words from arabic and persian .
only a small part of those who use swahili are first language speakers and even fewer are ethnic swahilis .
during the middle ages , ivory and slaves became a substantial source of income .
the swahili are a people and culture found on the coast of east africa , mainly the coastal regions and the islands of kenya and tanzania , and north mozambique .
they are mainly united by culture and under the mother tongue of kiswahili , a bantu language .
in other words , the term ` swahili ' can mean ` those who speak swahili ' or it can mean ` ethnic swahili people ' .
islam came to the east african coast around 1012 ad , when the traders from the persian gulf and the arabian peninsula continued to journey to these parts during monsoon seasons and to have contact with the local people through trade , marriage , and an exchange of ideas .
archaeologist , felix chami thinks that bantu settlements at the east african coast existed already at the beginning of the 1st millennium .
because of this interaction , most of the swahili today are muslim .
battledress is a general term for the military uniform worn into combat , as opposed to ` display ' dress and formal uniforms worn at parades and functions .
rio ferdinand -lrb- born 7 november 1978 -rrb- is an english football player .
he plays for manchester united and england national team .
antimony pentoxide , also known as antimony pentaoxide and antimony -lrb- v -rrb- oxide , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is sb2o5 .
it is made by reacting antimony trioxide with nitric acid .
the antimony is in its +5 oxidation state .
elba de pã dua lima -lrb- born 20 february , 1915 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
yoshiharu horii -lrb- born 16 march 1953 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
it includes all the traditional forms of religious thought , such as kalam -lrb- islamic theology -rrb- and fiqh -lrb- islamic jurisprudence -rrb- and also assimilates fields generally considered to be secular in the west , such as islamic science and islamic economics .
some non-muslim scholars have written works which are read by many muslims .
`` islamic studies '' can mean studying the history of islam and islamic philosophy .
academics from many different disciplines participate and exchange ideas about predominantly muslim societies , past and present .
andrew chan , si yi chen , michael czugaj , renae lawrence , tach duc thanh nguyen , matthew norman , scott rush , martin stephens and myuran sukumaran , all aged between 18 and 28 at the time of their arrests .
the bali nine is the name given to nine australian citizens arrested on april 17 , 2005 , in denpasar on the island of bali , indonesia . they had tried to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin valued at about aud 4 million from indonesia to australia .
lifelike or anatomically correct dolls are used by health professionals , medical schools , and social workers to train doctors and nurses in different health procedures or to find out about cases of sexual abuse of children .
in ancient times , dolls were used as symbols of a deity -lrb- god -rrb- , and played an important role in religious ceremonies and rituals .
dolls have been around since the beginning of human civilization , and have been made from many different types of materials , like stone , clay , wood , bone , cloth and paper , to porcelain , china , rubber and plastic .
for other uses of the word `` doll , '' see dolls and doll -lrb- disambiguation -rrb- .
in electronics , a multiplexer or mux -lrb- occasionally the term mul-dex is also found , for a combination multiplexer-demultiplexer -rrb- is a device that selects one of many analog or digital input signals and outputs it into a single output line .
in electronics , a demultiplexer -lrb- or demux -rrb- is a device taking a single input signal and selecting one of many data-output-lines , which is connected to the single input .
a multiplexer is often used with a complementary demultiplexer on the receiving end .
in some cases , the far end system may have more functionality than a simple demultiplexer and so , at the same time as the demultiplexing still exists logically , it may never actually happen physically , such as in network address translation where a number of ip private network users are multiplexed over a single public ip address .
a demultiplexer is in this context a device that takes a single input signal that carries many channels and separates the channels over multiple output signals .
at the receiving end of the data link a complementary demultiplexer is normally required to break single data stream back down into the original streams .
one cost-saving use for multiplexers is connecting a multiplexer and a demultiplexer -lrb- or demux -rrb- together -lrb- called mul-dex -rrb- over a single communication channel -lrb- by connecting the multiplexer 's single output to the demultiplexer 's single input -rrb- .
ballet is always performed to music , and in many cases the music was specially composed for a particular ballet . ballet is a major part of theater , and a popular example is the nutcracker .
masato yamazaki -lrb- born 4 december 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
samognat is a commune .
she is the 2006 u.s. national champion , 2003 grand prix final champion , and 2006 olympic silver medalist .
grace slick -lrb- born grace barnett wing ; october 30 , 1939 -rrb- is an american singer-songwriter from evanston , illinois . she is known for being the lead singer of bands like jefferson airplane , jefferson starship and starship .
the chert was discovered by william mackie while mapping the western margin of the rhynie basin in 1910 â `` 1913 .
gerd mã 1\/4 ller -lrb- born november 3 , 1945 in nã rdlingen -rrb- used to be a football player played for germany national team , and was one of the best players in his time .
sporting clube de portugal is a football club which plays in portugal .
they married on 15 june 2007 , in blenheim palace in oxfordshire .
john george terry -lrb- born 7 december 1980 -rrb- is an english professional football player .
public ivy is a term started by richard moll in his 1985 book public ivys : a guide to america 's best public undergraduate colleges and universities . the book is about universities which `` provide an ivy league collegiate experience at a public school price . ''
written by ryan ross and released on may 4 , 2006 as a cd single , `` but it 's better if you do '' is the third single to be released by panic at the disco , and the second with an accompanying video .
public ivies are chosen , according to the journal of blacks in higher education , to be able to be `` successfully competing with the ivy league schools in academic rigor ... attracting superstar faculty and in competing for the best and brightest students of all races . ''
komotini is the second city in greece which has got muslims .
however , he did not take part in the music they wrote together in 1921 called les mariã s de la tour eiffel . this made jean cocteau very annoyed .
louis durey died at saint-tropez , provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur , france .
durey became a member of the group called les six in 1920 .
ford was assigned in 1943 to active duty in san diego base .
glenn ford interrupted his actor career in 1942 to enlist as a volunteer in the marine corps of the united states during world war ii .
for his outstanding career in the movies , glenn ford star on the hollywood walk of fame at 6933 hollywood boulevard .
glenn ford -lrb- may 1 , 1916 - august 30 , 2006 -rrb- was an american actor , born in canada .
in 1971 he starred in the cbs television series cade 's county , he plays county sheriff sam cade , is a must fight against crime .
rã ntgen 's x-rays were called rã ntgen rays at first .
he was the first person to win the nobel prize in physics , in 1901 . rã ntgen 's x-rays were called rã ntgen rays at first .
when the two sides are pressed together , the hooks catch in the loops and hold the pieces together .
the word `` velcro '' can also be used as a verb -lrb- for instance : `` i velcroed my shoes '' -rrb- .
the new york city transit police department , that was started in 1953 , was a transit police department for the new york city subway and bus lines . it became part of the nypd in 1995 as the transit bureau of the new york city police department by decision of new york city mayor rudolph w. giuliani .
it became part of the nypd in 1995 as the transit bureau of the new york city police department by decision of new york city mayor rudolph w. giuliani .
the new york city transit police department , that was started in 1953 , was a transit police department for the new york city subway and bus lines .
the vertex-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has an octahedral envelope .
the schlã fli symbol of the hexadecachoron is .
this octahedron can be divided into 8 tetrahedral volumes , by cutting along the coordinate planes .
the dual tessellation , icositetrachoric honeycomb , , is made of by regular 24-cells .
each 16-cell has 16 neighbors with which it shares an octahedron , 24 neighbors with which it shares only an edge , and 72 neighbors with which it shares only a single point .
it is bounded by 16 cells , all of which are regular tetrahedra .
finally the edge-first parallel projection has a shortened octahedral envelope , and the face-first parallel projection has a hexagonal bipyramidal envelope .
in this projection of the 16-cell , all its edges lie on the faces of the cubical envelope .
`` but it 's better if you do '' is the third single by panic at the disco , from their album a fever you ca n't sweat out -lrb- 2005 -rrb- .
its vertex figure is a regular octahedron .
in four dimensional geometry , a 16-cell , is a regular convex polychoron , or polytope existing in four dimensions . it is also known as the hexadecachoron .
there are 8 tetrahedra , 12 triangles , and 6 edges meeting at every vertex .
there is a lower symmetry form of the 16-cell , called a demitesseract or 4-demicube , a member of the demihypercube family , and represented by h , and can be drawn bicolored with alternating tetrahedral cells .
one can tessellate 4-dimensional euclidean space by regular 16-cells .
the cell-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has a cubical envelope .
it has 32 triangular faces , 24 edges , and 8 vertices .
the cell-first perspective projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has a triakis tetrahedral envelope .
the remaining 6 cells are projected onto the square faces of the cube .
surrounding each of these tetrahedra are 4 other -lrb- non-regular -rrb- tetrahedral volumes that are the images of the 4 surrounding tetrahedral cells , filling up the space between the inscribed tetrahedron and the cube .
the closest and farthest cells are projected to inscribed tetrahedra within the cube , corresponding with the two possible ways to inscribe a regular tetrahedron in a cube .
each of these volumes is the image of a pair of cells in the 16-cell .
the 24 edges bound 6 squares lying in the 6 coordinate planes .
the eight vertices of the hexadecachoron are -lrb- â 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 -rrb- , -lrb- 0 , â 1 , 0 , 0 -rrb- , -lrb- 0 , 0 , â 1 , 0 -rrb- , -lrb- 0 , 0 , 0 , â 1 -rrb- .
the closest vertex of the 16-cell to the viewer projects onto the center of the octahedron .
the layout of the cells within this envelope are analogous to that of the cell-first parallel projection .
ross went on to say , `` when i wrote it , i never thought about it being played in strip clubs .
twenty-four 16-cells meet at any given vertex in this tessellation .
the young michael faraday was one of four children and only had the most basic school education .
michael faraday -lrb- newington butts , surrey , 22 september 1791 â `` hampton court , surrey , 25 august 1867 -rrb- was an english chemist and physicist .
as a chemist , michael faraday discovered benzene , invented an early type of bunsen burner , and popularized terminology such as anode , cathode , electrode , and ion .
he showed that magnetism is able to affect rays of light , as there is an underlying relationship between the two phenomena .
dr pepper is a soft drink -lrb- soda -rrb- similar to coca cola in its color . each can of dr pepper contains 150 calories .
there is a dr. pepper museum in waco , texas which has three floors of exhibits , a old-fashioned soda fountain , and a gift store of dr pepper souvenirs .
hammond is a city in the state of indiana , in the united states .
i love you is a sentence which has only one clause .
two clauses can be joined with a pronoun .
i love you and i will always love you is a sentence which has two clauses .
a subordinating clause is one which is dependent on the main clause -lrb- the primary clause -rrb- . the main clause makes sense on its own .
`` the cask of amontillado '' -lrb- sometimes spelled `` the casque of amontillado '' -rrb- is a short story , written by edgar allan poe .
montresor is telling the story 50 years after the death of fortunato .
montresor tells fortunato he has bought a special rare wine called amontillado but wants fortunato to test it to be sure it is real .
rum is mostly made in or around the caribbean .
it is made from molasses and other sugarcane by-products through fermentation and distillation . rum is mostly made in or around the caribbean .
rum is an alcoholic spirit . it is made from molasses and other sugarcane by-products through fermentation and distillation .
the deposits are interbedded with sands , shales and tuffs , which speaks of local volcanic activity .
this metal can be made by reacting lithium , lithium hydroxide , lithium oxide , or lithium carbonate with nitric acid .
lithium nitrate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is lino3 .
kazakhstan national football team is the national football team of kazakhstan .
he was nominated for the academy award and has won the golden globe award three times .
his apartment from 1841-1857 is now conserved as the maison d'auguste comte .
auguste comte -lrb- full name : isidore marie auguste franã ois xavier comte ; january 17 , 1798 â `` september 5 , 1857 -rrb- was a french thinker who was one from founders of sociology -lrb- from the latin : socius , `` companion '' ; and the suffix - ology , `` the study of '' , from greek î '' ï î î ï , lã gos , `` knowledge '' -rrb- and positivism .
he died in paris on september 5th , 1857 and is buried at the famous cimetiã re du pã re lachaise .
quå `` ux-haut-ma ã nil is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in 2007 she became president of immagine&poesia -lrb- image and poetry -rrb- , the international artistic literary movement founded at teatro alfa , torino , italy .
wwe extreme rules is a yearly pay-per-view event made world wrestling entertainment . the event was originally known as wwe one night stand from 2005 - 2008 .
she is worried about him always singing at `` illegal strip clubs '' ; he says he does not go to `` illegal strip joints '' , but he goes anyway .
anderson luã s de abreu oliveira -lrb- born 13 april 1988 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for manchester united .
the chicago fire soccer club is a soccer team that plays in major league soccer in bridgeview , illinois .
however when wearing the ` home strip ' rangers will occasionally alter the shorts and socks , sometimes replacing the black socks with white ones ; or replacing the white shorts and black socks combination with royal blue shorts and socks .
white and red have been the most common predominant colors for rangers alternate strips , though dark and light blue have also featured highly .
the club colors of rangers f.c. are royal blue , white and red .
rangers football club are an association football team based in glasgow , scotland , who currently play in the scottish premier league .
the team 's home strip invariably features a royal blue shirt -lrb- often with white and\/or red trim -rrb- .
following release in the usa , the single reached number 4 on billboard 's bubbling under hot 100 singles chart , before dropping to number 8 on the chart dated september 23 , 2006 .
the club are nicknamed the teddy bears , from the rhyming slang for gers , which in turn is short for rangers , and the fans are known to each other as `` bluenoses '' .
traditionally this is accompanied by white shorts -lrb- often with royal blue and\/or red trim -rrb- and black socks with red turn-downs .
the club 's correct name is simply rangers f.c. , although they are sometimes referred to as glasgow rangers for european matches to avoid confusion .
they tend to be nocturnal and are often confused with grasshoppers because they have a similar body structure including jumping hind legs .
crickets , family gryllidae -lrb- also known as `` true crickets '' -rrb- , are insects somewhat related to grasshoppers and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets -lrb- family tettigoniidae -rrb- .
the music video starts with a black-and-white introduction of the band 's lead singer , brendon urie , arguing with his wife .
once the railway line was extended under the street to join the two , princes bridge slowly became amalgamated into flinders street .
the first railway station in the flinders street site was called melbourne or city terminus , and was a collection of sheds .
it traveled to sandridge -lrb- now port melbourne -rrb- , over the sandridge bridge -lrb- which has now been redeveloped in 2006 as a pedestrian and cycle bridge across the yarra river -rrb- , traveling along the now light rail port melbourne line .
flinders street station is the central railway station of the rail network of melbourne , australia .
it is on the corner of flinders and swanston streets next to the yarra river in the middle of the city , stretching from swanston street to queen street and covering two city blocks .
the terminus was the first city railway station in australia , and the opening day saw the first steam train trip in the country .
note that the eastern end of platform no. 1 is designated as platform no. 14 , past the platform 1 escalators .
melbourne 's two other early central-city stations , spencer street station -lrb- now southern cross station -rrb- and princes bridge , opened in 1859 .
princes bridge was originally separated from flinders street , even though it was only on the opposite side of swanston street .
aldwych tramway station was a tram stop that was underneath kingsway . the tramway station should not to be confused with aldwych tube station .
the station closed on 6 april 1952 .
services from highbury & islington station to tower bridge and kennington gate started on 10 april 1908 .
no sign of the former station is visible on the surface or from the road tunnel however .
the strand underpass , which opened in 1964 , comes to surface level part way through the former location of the aldwych tramway station .
the music video continues with the song in the overview of the strip joint .
services running from angel islington to aldwych started on 24 february 1906 .
the oecd started 1948 as the organization for european economic co-operation -lrb- oeec -rrb- .
i think the tempo is too fast , though .
belize is a country in central america . some people in belize speak spanish or kriol , but english is the official language and the most commonly spoken .
after an early attempt at this song on 27 january 1969 during the let it be sessions , lennon announced , `` just heard that yoko 's divorce has just gone through '' , after which he and the band burst into an improvised version of the song , singing `` i 'm free at last '' instead of a part of the lyric .
george harrison described the song as `` a typical 1950s â `` '60s - period song because of its chord structure . ''
in this episode , bart fails four history exams in a row and the school psychiatrist recommends that bart repeat the fourth grade .
that night , springfield is hit with a big blizzard and the school is closed , giving bart one more day to study .
bart says that he will start to do better and tries to get the class smarty-pants martin prince to help him , but after that fails , bart prays for help .
paulo wanchope -lrb- born 31 july 1976 -rrb- is a former costa rican football player .
littlefoot : the leader of the gang , littlefoot is a `` long-neck , '' the in-universe name for apatosaurus .
at the beginning of the song 's music video , the song playing in the background is `` intermission '' , the song preceding `` but it 's better if you do '' on the a fever you ca n't sweat out cd .
homo sapiens idaltu is an extinct subspecies of homo sapiens that lived almost 160,000 years ago in africa during the pleistocene period .
a diamond jubilee is a celebration of a 60th anniversary for a person . when for a group , it is used for the 75th anniversary .
this template provides a link to a specified musicbrainz album page , via it 's permanent link .
teemu tainio -lrb- born 27 november 1979 -rrb- is a finnish football player .
palm springs is a city of florida in the united states .
because in reality , i do n't like strip clubs .
around 3500 bc people made dolmens -lrb- hunebedden -rrb- , piles of big stones . 53 of the 54 dolmens in the netherlands are in drenthe .
ther most important cities are assen -lrb- the capital -rrb- , emmen , meppel and hoogeveen .
urie plays onstage with the other members of the band and a las vegas showgirls dance group .
a plaintiff is a person who starts a lawsuit in court . sometimes a plaintiff will have to fill out a form called a summons , claim form , or complaint .
a plaintiff is a person who starts a lawsuit in court .
fumitake miura -lrb- born 12 august 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
eni 's china production began in 1992 , but it is only 1 percent of eni 's total crude oil production .
gas sales reached 99 billion cubic meters in 2007 .
eni is present in 70 countries , and currently is italy 's largest industrial company . it has a market capitalization of â 87.7 billion euros -lrb- us$ 138 billion -rrb- , as of july 24 , 2008 .
in june 2008 the company bought 57 % of distrigas , a belgian company that supplies natural gas .
in march 2009 it bought the rest of distrigas .
eni supplies natural gas .
eni operates saipem , a subsidiary , and owns 43 % of the company . saipem works in engineering , and oilfield services and construction .
its crude oil production comes primarily from libya , egypt , nigeria , the congo , the north sea , and angola . smaller amounts of crude oil production come from tunisia and in the united states .
the commission believes that eni has conspired -lrb- planned -rrb- to keep competitors from using its gas pipelines .
eni comes from the company 's original full name ente nazionale idrocarburi -lrb- national hydrocarbons agency -rrb- .
the german cross was begun by adolf hitler on 16 november 1941 as an award that was a higher level than the iron cross first class but below the knight 's cross of the iron cross . it was given in two classes : gold and silver -lrb- the color of the laurel wreath around the swastika -rrb- , the gold was given out for bravery , the silver was given out for excellence service .
this award was also available in cloth , which made for easier wear on the combat uniform .
as she gains headway , however , the police bust into the club and arrest her .
the german cross was begun by adolf hitler on 16 november 1941 as an award that was a higher level than the iron cross first class but below the knight 's cross of the iron cross .
these devices can also be operated between parallel polarizers , in which case the bright and dark states are reversed .
each pixel of a lcd is typically made of a layer of molecules which are aligned between two transparent electrodes . there are also two polarizing filters , one on each side .
in a twisted nematic device -lrb- still the most common liquid crystal device -rrb- , the surface alignment directions at the two electrodes are perpendicular to each other . the molecules therefore arrange themselves in a helical structure , or twist .
this light will then be mainly polarized perpendicular to the second filter , and thus be blocked and the pixel will appear black .
the surface of the electrodes that are in contact with the liquid crystal materials are treated so that they align the liquid crystal molecules in a particular direction .
this treatment typically consists of a thin polymer layer that is unidirectionally rubbed using , for example , a cloth .
if an electric field of one particular polarity is applied for a long period of time , this ionic material is attracted to the surfaces and degrades the device performance .
urie sees a woman who seems to be unusually interested in him .
if the applied voltage is large enough , the liquid crystal molecules in the center of the layer are almost completely untwisted and the polarization of the incident light is not rotated as it passes through the liquid crystal layer .
both the liquid crystal material and the alignment layer material contain ionic compounds .
in a multiplexed display , electrodes on one side of the display are grouped and wired together -lrb- typically in columns -rrb- , and each group gets its own voltage source .
the direction of the liquid crystal alignment is then defined by the direction of rubbing .
by controlling the voltage applied across the liquid crystal layer in each pixel , light can be allowed to pass through in varying amounts â `` this will yield different levels of gray .
the groups are designed so each pixel has a unique , unshared combination of source and sink .
electrodes are made of a transparent conductor called indium tin oxide -lrb- ito -rrb- .
because of this , these devices are usually operated between crossed polarizers such that they appear bright with no voltage -lrb- the eye is much more sensitive to variations in the dark state than the bright state -rrb- .
before applying an electric field , the orientation of the liquid crystal molecules is determined by the alignment at the surfaces .
the electronics , or the software driving the electronics then turns on sinks in sequence , and drives sources for the pixels of each sink .
when a large number of pixels are needed in a display , it is not technically possible to drive each directly since then each pixel would require independent electrodes .
this is avoided either by applying an alternating current or by reversing the polarity of the electric field as the device is addressed -lrb- the response of the liquid crystal layer is identical , regardless of the polarity of the applied field -rrb- .
most consonants -lrb- and all english consonants -rrb- are pulmonic .
a quick slap to urie 's face and his wife turns to leave .
right now there are 107 different letters in the ipa , and 52 diacritics which are used with the letters .
the international phonetic alphabet -lrb- ipa -rrb- is a system for writing down sounds .
a steam locomotive is a type of steam engine used on railways .
bacillus is also the name of some species in the bacillus group .
`` it 's a song about being in a strip club but not actually liking being in there .
the members are peter yarrow , paul -lrb- noel -rrb- stookey and mary travers .
mary travers died on september 16 , 2009 , after chemotherapy treatments for leukemia .
the bene gesserit are a group of woman -lrb- or sisterhood -rrb- from the series of novels by frank herbert .
the members were brian may -lrb- guitar -rrb- , roger taylor -lrb- drums -rrb- and tim staffell -lrb- bass and vocals -rrb- . when tim staffell left the band , freddie mercury replaced him and the band became queen .
smile was a rock band which has preceded the rock band queen .
garret augustus hobart -lrb- june 3 1844 â `` november 21 1899 -rrb- was the twenty-fourth vice president of the united states .
`` lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off '' is also the title of another song by panic at the disco .
standard time can also be used to mean the time without daylight saving time .
the owners of the major railroads met in chicago to make the standard time system .
the capital city of penang is george town . a resident of penang is known as a penangite .
it peaked at number 81 on the pop 100 chart , and number 74 on the billboard hot digital songs chart .
on august 15 , convection were made into bands , and as its winds were turning into hurricane strength , an eye developed within the storm .
after crossing florida , hurricane hunters showed a poor circulation , but with winds higher than tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles -lrb- 135 km -rrb- west of fort myers .
it was moving southwestward during that time . on august 9 , it created convection when it was passing underneath a cold-core upper-level low .
a high pressure system covered over the south-central united states , forcing the storm to move just south of due west at 25 mph -lrb- 40 km\/h -rrb- .
with well-established outflow and low levels of wind shear , erika became stronger as the circulation became better defined .
under the influence of a high pressure system , erika moved quickly westward and became stronger under favorable conditions .
hurricane erika was a atlantic hurricane that hit extreme northeastern mexico near the texas-tamaulipas border .
the rhynie chert contains exceptionally preserved plant , fungus , lichen and animal material preserved in place by an overlying volcanic deposit .
sebaceous glands are often found in hair-covered areas , where they are connected near the top of hair follicles -lrb- see image at top -rrb- .
erika was the eighth tropical cyclone , fifth tropical storm , and third hurricane of the season that year .
the storm was created from a non-tropical area of low pressure that was tracked for five days before developing in the eastern gulf of mexico on august 14 .
a weak surface area of low pressure came apart from a frontal system on august 8 .
the princess amelia -lrb- 7 august 1783 â `` 2 november 1810 -rrb- was a member of the british royal family .
cytokinesis , even though it is a very important to cell division , is not considered a stage of mitosis . during cytokinesis , the cell physically splits .
cytokinesis , even though it is a very important to cell division , is not considered a stage of mitosis .
sebaceous glands produce the oily , waxy substance called sebum -lrb- latin , meaning fat or tallow -rrb- that is made of fat -lrb- lipids -rrb- , wax , and the leftover dead fat-producing cells .
graincourt-l ã s-havrincourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
villers-br ã '' lin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
then the boat 's captain told ringo starr about how octopuses travel along the sea bed picking up stones and shiny objects to build gardens .
the backing vocals by mccartney and harrison during the guitar solo were put through compressors and limiters to create a gurgling sound .
the let it be film had a scene where george harrison is shown helping ringo starr work the song out on piano .
he added that the song gets very deep into your consciousness `` because it 's so peaceful .
it has also been performed by the muppets several times in episodes of their shows .
george martin did not produce the song , so the beatles themselves were listed as producer , with martin 's apprentice chris thomas present in the control room to help .
excess sebum has been linked to eating red meats , fried , oily or other foods , but studies are not conclusive .
tasted like chicken . '' -rrb-
the song , which contains the lyrics `` oh what joy for every girl and boy \/ knowing they 're happy and they 're safe , '' is sometimes thought of as being a song for children , like `` yellow submarine '' , `` the continuing story of bungalow bill '' or `` all together now '' .
harrison added the sound of bubbles being blown into a glass of milk using a straw .
thirty-two takes were required before the beatles were happy with the song .
a condition involving enlarged sebaceous glands is known as sebaceous hyperplasia .
douvrin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in time of world war ii met -lrb- cet -rrb- was used in eastern countries , occupied by germany .
unlike other monkeys , woolly monkeys are most likely to be found on the ground . they move much more slowly than other monkeys do , too .
beaumaris pier is still a busy base for yachts and other boats .
the town itself began in 1295 when edward i of england started to build beaumaris castle . this was one of several castle along the north wales coast - others include conwy , caernarfon and harlech .
the preputial glands of mice and rats are large modified sebaceous glands that produce pheromones .
the pier was enlarged to 570 feet after storm damage in 1872 .
the french builders called the marsh beaux marais which means `` beautiful marsh '' .
notable buildings in the town include the castle , a courthouse built in 1614 , st mary 's parish church , and the town gaol .
cuba national football team is the national football team of cuba .
anselme gaã `` tan desmarest -lrb- 1784 â `` 4 june 1838 -rrb- was a french zoologist and author .
it is commonly believed that sebum acts to save skin from drying or to waterproof hair and skin . but some scientists have contended that `` low levels of sebaceous gland activity are not correlated with dry skin '' , and it may serve little or no purpose in modern humans .
dect operates in the 1880-1900 mhz band and defines ten channels from 1881.792 mhz to 1897.344 mhz with a band gap of 1728 khz .
each base station frame provides 12 duplex speech channel with each time slot occupying any of channel .
however , they are in all skin areas except the palms and soles of the feet .
by the time mass applications for wireless internet had emerged , and the u.s. had opened up to dect , well into the new century , the industry had moved far ahead in terms of performance and dect 's time as a wireless data transport was past .
a newer standard that is similar to dect is called cat-iq the dect standard fully specifies how a portable unit , such as a cordless telephone , can access a fixed network using radio waves .
a key weakness was also the inaccessibility of the u.s. market , due to fcc spectrum restrictions at that time .
the communication with the fixed network is done through a base station which is called `` radio fixed part '' , and terminates the radio waves . the base station then uses a gateway to connect the calls to the fixed network .
other interoperability profiles exist in the dect suite of standards , and in particular the dprs -lrb- dect packet radio services -rrb- bring together a number of prior interoperability profiles for the use of dect as a wireless lan and wireless internet access service .
in the glands , sebum is produced within specialized cells and is released as these cells burst ; sebaceous glands are thus classified as holocrine glands .
the protocol capabilities built into the dect networking protocol standards were particularly good at supporting fast roaming in the public space , between hotspots operated by competing but connected providers .
dect has different profiles . a domesic dect generic access profile -lrb- gap -rrb- system typically has the following abilities :
by this time , the ism bands had become crowded in the u.s. , especially the 2.4 ghz band which is used by both the most common variants of wi-fi , 802.11 b and 802.11 g , and many cordless phones ; thus interference between unlicensed devices has become common in these bands . however , because wi-fi does not operate in the upcs band and dect devices negotiate with each other for the available spectrum , not only are dect 6.0 phones immune from this type of interference , their operation does not impair other nearby devices operating on the same frequency , which is a common issue with 2.4 ghz cordless phones .
if frequency hopping is avoided then each base station can provide up to 120 channels in the dect spectrum before frequency reuse .
these channels are reserved exclusively for voice communication applications and therefore are less likely to experience interference from other wireless devices such as baby monitors and wireless networks .
goose -lrb- plural geese -rrb- is the general english name for a large number of birds , belonging to the family anatidae .
there are several related medical conditions , including : acne , sebaceous cysts , hyperplasia , sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma -lrb- see section below : diseases -rrb- .
then the sepals may be big and colorful . in some flowers , the petals and sepals look the same .
`` to google , '' as an action word -lrb- verb -rrb- means `` to search for something on google '' . because google is so popular -lrb- over 50 % of web users use it -rrb- it has been used to mean `` to search the web '' .
estrã e is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
hugo fernã ndez -lrb- born 2 february 1945 -rrb- is a former uruguayan football manager .
in the skin pores , sebum and keratin can create a hyperkeratotic plug called a `` microcomedo '' which can block a pore and cause pimples .
thiembronne is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in 2009 , slumdog millionaire was nominated for 10 academy awards and won 8 , including best picture .
slumdog millionaire is a 2008 british film .
it was directed by danny boyle and based on the novel q&a by vikas swarup , although the movie is very different from the book .
ligny-thilloy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the football league cup is a national football competition between all league clubs in england .
the oldest known insect -lrb- rhyniognatha hirsti -rrb- , which resembles the modern springtails , was found in the rhynie chert , pushing dates for the origination of insects back to the silurian period .
in females , they appear predominantly in the labia minora .
karl-heinz riedle -lrb- born 16 september , 1965 -rrb- is a former german football player .
amenia is a community in dutchess county , new york , united states .
the metropolitan tabernacle at elephant and castle still worships there .
the new park street chapel was a reformed baptist church in southwark , london . it was built in 1833 .
the volkswagen golf cabriolet is the cabriolet version of the volkswagen golf , introduced in 1979 .
yuji sugano -lrb- born 14 april 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
he is known for his precise analysis of his characters ' psychology . his two most famous novels are le rouge et le noir -lrb- the red and the black , 1830 -rrb- and la chartreuse de parme -lrb- the charterhouse of parma , 1839 -rrb- .
the activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens .
finnegans wake is the last book written by the irish writer james joyce .
finnegans wake is the last book written by the irish writer james joyce . it was published in 1939 .
ernest gary gygax -lrb- july 27 , 1938 -- march 4 , 2008 -rrb- -lrb- ipa : -lrb- ë gaj . gã ks -rrb- -rrb- was an american writer and game designer , best known for co-creating the early role-playing game dungeons & dragons -lrb- d&d -rrb- with dave arneson in 1974 .
he completed the season with 5 goals and 2 assists in 8 games â `` the lone nhl stint of his career .
smart retired after the 1950 â `` 51 season spent with eastview .
affiliated with the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league , smart was called up to the nhl in 1943 and , on january 14 , became the first player in league history to score a hat trick in his nhl debut -lrb- this feat was later matched by rã al cloutier of the quebec nordiques in 1979 , fabian brunnstrã m of the dallas stars in 2008 , and derek stepan of the new york rangers in 2010 -rrb- .
canadiens to the quebec senior hockey league -lrb- qshl -rrb- .
a blocked sebaceous gland can result in a sebaceous cyst .
smart spent the remainder of his career in the qshl with the montreal royals and ottawa senators with the exception of one more season in the mchl with the montreal vickers and the final season of his career in the ovhl with eastview st. charles .
in 1937 â `` 38 , joined the senior ranks with the toronto marlboros of the ontario hockey association and scored 23 points in 12 games at a goal-per-game pace .
he played one season for the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league and spent the majority of his career in the quebec senior hockey league .
alexander smart -lrb- may 29 , 1918 â `` april 18 , 2005 -rrb- was a canadian ice hockey forward .
born in brandon , manitoba , smart played junior hockey in the manitoba junior hockey league with the portage terriers for two seasons .
the following season , he began a three-year stint in the montreal city hockey league -lrb- mchl -rrb- with the verdun maple leafs and montreal sr. .
the pieces of bread in a sandwich are referred to as slices or sheets of bread . the snack is thought to have been made first for the earl of sandwich , hence the name .
another accepted sandwich variant is the toasted sandwich in which the bread has been put into a toaster .
there are different kinds of these glands and sebum .
the chief executive is andrew demetriou .
the australian football league -lrb- afl -rrb- is the australian national league in the sport of australian rules football .
bours , pas-de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
plane stupid was started in 2005 by joss garman , richard george and graham thompson .
kozo arai -lrb- born 24 october 1950 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the game first started in 2001 as runescape -lrb- now referred to as runescape classic -rrb- , but the code and graphics engine was rewritten in 2004 to form runescape 2 , the game that is playable today .
certain species of demodex mites feed on sebum and are commonly found in the sebaceous glands of mammals , including those of humans .
biathlon -lrb- not to be confused with duathlon -rrb- is a term used to describe any sporting event made up of two disciplines . however , biathlon usually refers specifically to the winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting .
however , biathlon usually refers specifically to the winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting .
another popular variant is summer biathlon , which combines cross-country running with riflery .
biathlon -lrb- not to be confused with duathlon -rrb- is a term used to describe any sporting event made up of two disciplines .
neuville-sur-ain is a commune .
the bell was ordered from the london firm of lester and pack -lrb- which is known as the whitechapel bell foundry today -rrb- in 1752 . it had the letters `` proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof . ''
we hope and rely -lrb- trust -rrb- on thy -lrb- your -rrb- care and assistance -lrb- help -rrb- in this affair and that thou -lrb- you -rrb- wilt -lrb- will -rrb- procure -lrb- get -rrb- and forward it by the first good oppo as our workmen inform us it will be much less trouble to hang the bell before their scaffolds are struck from the building where we intend -lrb- wish -rrb- to place it which will not be done 'till the end of next summer or beginning of the fall .
the short story was about an old man on july 4 , 1776 . it described how he was sitting sadly by the bell , afraid that congress would not be able to declare independence .
sebum can also build up around body piercings .
from the 1885 , the city of philadelphia , which owned the bell , allowed it to go to many different patriotic meetings .
the bell became widely famous after a short story in 1847 claimed that an old bell-ringer rang it on july 4 , 1776 , after hearing the second continental congress 's vote for independence .
when it was first made , the liberty bell was used to make lawmakers come to legislative meetings .
bells were rung when the declaration of independence was read on july 8 , 1776 . while there is no record that the liberty bell was rung , most historians believe it was rung with the other bells .
the bell got its large , well-known crack in the early 19th century . one story claims it was cracked while ringing after chief justice john marshall died in 1835 .
at the rim of the eyelids , meibomian glands are a specialized form of sebaceous gland .
isaac norris , speaker of the pennsylvania provincial assembly , ordered the colony 's london agent , robert charles , to get a `` good bell of about two thousands pound weight '' .
the prescription medicine isotretinoin significantly reduces the amount of sebum produced by the sebaceous glands , and is used to treat acne .
so charles paid lester and pack -lrb- today the whitechapel bell foundry -rrb- â # 150 13s 8d , -lrb- the same amount of money as about $ 36,400 today -rrb- for the bell , including the cost of taking it to philadelphia and its insurance .
the gucci cars had striped green , red , and buff material inside , as well as the gucci 's logos and outside color selections .
the frill served mainly to protect the vulnerable neck from bipedal predators like tyrannosaurus , who attacked from above .
later members , including centrosaurus and triceratops , became very large quadrupeds . they developed elaborate facial horns and a neck frill .
puerto rico national football team is the national football team of puerto rico .
in australia , any stillborn fetus that weighs more than 400 grams and lived in the mother for more than 20 weeks must be registered .
oscar benjamin cintas , -lrb- b. sagua la grande , cuba , 1887 ; d. new york city , n.y. 1957 -rrb- was an important sugar and railroad magnate . he served as cubaâ s ambassador to the united states from 1932 until 1934 .
inside a spring scale is a spring .
in people , the lipid content is as follows :
vlc media player is a free software media player by the videolan project , also called `` vlc '' or `` videolan client '' .
vlc uses a large number of free decoding and encoding libraries .
the icon of vlc is a traffic cones collected by ecole centrale 's networking students ' association .
vlc gained honor as the first player to support playback of encrypted dvds on linux by using the libdvdcss dvd library .
vlc also supports highly personalizable skins through the skins2 interface , winamp 2 and xmms skins and can play high definition recordings of d-vhs tapes duplicated to a computer using capdvhs .
ivergny is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
this is however normal , not to be confused with an std .
sometimes , when the fish is too heavy , the eagle will be dragged into the water with it .
the lakota people , for instance , give an eagle feather as a symbol of honor to a person who achieves a task .
the bald eagle was an endangered species in 1967 , and the penalties for people who killed the species grew more and more .
eagles have special things on their toes called spiricules that help them hold the fish more easily .
to keep bald eagles in captivity , the workers had to be experienced in caring for eagles .
female eagles laid eggs that were too weak to withstand the weight of its parents .
this is because , it is used again and again , and every year more is added to the nest until it may soon become as large as 4 m deep , 2.5 m across and weigh 1 tonne . one nest in florida was found to be 6.1 m deep , 2.9 m across , and to weigh 3 s. the nest is built out of branches , usually in large trees near water .
it is thought that bald eagles mate for life .
in the eyelids , meibomian sebaceous glands emit a special kind of sebum into tears .
the continental congress made the design for the great seal of the united states with a bald eagle holding thirteen arrows and an olive branch with thirteen leaves in its talons on june 20 , 1782 .
ddt was completely banned in canada in 1989 .
if there are no trees , the bald eagle will make its nest on the ground .
this sea eagle gets both its common and scientific names from its head .
the bald eagle is a holy bird in some north american cultures .
the bald eagle can live a long time in captivity if well cared for , but does not mate well , even under the best care .
the sebaceous glands are microscopic -lrb- tiny -rrb- glands in the skin which produce an oily\/waxy substance , called sebum , to lubricate -lrb- oil -rrb- the skin and hair .
in the early 1700s , the number of bald eagles were 300,000 â `` 500,000 , but by the 1950s there were only 412 nesting pairs in the united states .
healthy adult bald eagles are not eaten anywhere in the wild .
there is a popular legend that benjamin franklin once supported the wild turkey as a symbol of the united states instead of the bald eagle . however , there is no evidence that this is true .
the bald eagle 's natural home is in most of north america , including most of canada , all of the united states , and northern mexico .
the bald eagle -lrb- latin name : haliaeetus leucocephalus -rrb- is a bird of prey that lives in north america .
to hunt fish the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons .
the bald eagle is a kind of sea eagle -lrb- it is sometimes called by this name -rrb- .
the bald eagle is the national bird of the united states .
also , in 1972 , ddt was banned in the united states .
sebaceous gland carcinoma is a very uncommon and aggressive form of cancer involving the sebaceous glands ; sebaceous adenoma is a more benign neoplasm of the sebaceous glands .
a whistle made from the wing bone of an eagle is used during the dance .
the pawnee people thought eagles as symbols of nature and fertility . this is because their nests are built high off the ground , and because they protect their young very bravely .
the 1940 bald eagle protection act in the united states also tried to stop the killing of the bald eagle and the golden eagle .
the legend comes from the letter franklin wrote to his daughter in 1784 from paris .
bald eagles have powerful talons . they have been recorded flying with a 7kg fawn .
the glands deposit sebum on each hair , and bring it to the skin surface along the hair shaft .
the bald eagle can be found on both national seals and on the back of several coins -lrb- including the quarter dollar coin until 1999 -rrb- .
bald in the english name is from the word piebald , which means , `` one with a white head '' .
when they do so , two mates may fly high , and then lock their talons together , and fall , parting again right before hitting the ground .
the ddt destroyed an adult bird 's calcium , and it would become unable to lay more healthy eggs .
before bald eagles become adults , their wings are brown , and they are usually speckled with white dots until the fifth year . the differences between bald eagles and golden eagles are that bald eagles have a larger head with a bigger beak , and their legs do not have feathers .
however , this letter was about the society of the cincinnati , and it did not say anything about the bald eagle or the wild turkey .
the bald eagle lives mostly near seas , rivers , large lakes , oceans , and other large places with open water and a lot of fish .
bald eagles become adults when they are four or five years old .
also during the dance , a medicine man may direct his fan , which is made of eagle feathers , to people who need healing .
the scientific name is from haliaeetus , which is latin for `` sea eagle '' .
the structure consisting of hair , hair follicle , arrector pili muscle , and sebaceous gland is known as a pilosebaceous unit .
bald eagles in the wild usually live around 20 years , with the oldest ones living to be about 30 .
the differences between bald eagles and golden eagles are that bald eagles have a larger head with a bigger beak , and their legs do not have feathers .
from 1984 until his death , he was the british poet laureate .
gordon david strachan obe -lrb- born 9 february 1957 in edinburgh -rrb- is a retired scottish football player , and is now a football manager .
as a branched kind of acinar gland , the sebaceous glands are found in people all over the skin except in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet .
you may use external websites as a source of information , but not as a source of article content such as sentences or images .
for legal reasons , we can not accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other web sites or printed material ; such additions will be deleted .
on september 5 , fabian made a direct hit on the island of bermuda with wind speeds of over 120 mph -lrb- 195 km\/h -rrb- .
the endangered bermuda petrel , better known as the cahow , was threatened by the hurricane , which destroyed ten nests , although volunteer work transported the species to a safer location .
it was both the most damaging and the first hurricane to cause a death on the island since 1926 .
fabian developed from a tropical wave in the tropical atlantic ocean on august 25 .
hurricane fabian was a powerful cape verde-type hurricane that hit bermuda in early september during the 2003 atlantic hurricane season .
the hurricane attained a peak intensity of 145 mph -lrb- 230 km\/h -rrb- on september 1 , and it slowly weakened as it turned northward .
also , sapienic acid is a sebum fatty acid that is found only in people , not in animals .
after passing the island , the hurricane turned to the northeast , and became extratropical on september 8 .
the hurricane 's powerful winds resulted in moderate damage and destroyed roofs throughout the island .
in all , fabian caused around $ 300 million -lrb- 2003 usd , $ 357 million in damage and eight deaths .
fabian was the strongest hurricane to hit bermuda since hurricane arlene in 1963 .
it moved west-northwestward under the influence of the subtropical ridge to its north , and steadily strengthened in an area of warm water temperatures and light wind shear .
strong swells resulted in damage in northern puerto rico and the dominican republic , and also caused four people to drown along the united states ' atlantic coast .
a strong storm surge associated with the hurricane killed four people crossing a causeway on bermuda , temporarily closing the only link between two islands .
central florida tends to be thought of as the area around metropolitan orlando , including orange , osceola , seminole , lake , brevard , and volusia counties .
the sebaceous gland is stimulated due to some steroid conversion into dihydrotestosterone .
polk , flagler , and sumter counties are considered by some , including the local media , to be part of central florida .
newport news is a city of virginia in the united states , located in the hampton roads metro area about 80 miles southeast of the state capital , richmond .
the british rail class 60 is a class of co-co diesel locomotive designed for heavy freight work .
recent genome analysis has shown that they are closely related to rotifers .
they may be called known as acanthocephales , thorny-headed worms , or spiny-headed worms . they have an evertable proboscis , armed with spines , which they use to pierce and hold the gut wall of the host .
sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as oily skin , acne , and keratosis pilaris .
the most literal translation of geisha to english is `` artist '' .
the clients hire the service of geishas through the geisha union office -lrb- æ ç kenban -rrb- , which takes care of the geisha 's schedule and makes her appointments both for entertaining and for training .
the traditional image of the geisha in white make-up and kimono of many bright colors is really the maiko .
the term `` geisha '' is made of two japanese words , -lrb- gei -rrb- meaning `` art '' and è -lrb- sha -rrb- meaning `` person who does '' or `` to be employed in '' .
in the 1920s there were over 80,000 geisha in japan , but today there are far fewer .
daughters of geisha were often educated as geisha themselves .
the extreme use -lrb- up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts -rrb- of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders , for muscle gain can also cause acne .
the elegant world that geisha are a part of is called `` karyå `` kai '' -lrb- `` the flower and willow world '' -rrb- .
after a short time , the third -lrb- and most famous -rrb- stage of training begins , called `` maiko '' .
apprentice geisha are called `` maiko '' .
modern geisha still live in traditional geisha houses called `` okiya '' -lrb- `` geisha house '' -rrb- in neighborhoods named `` hanamachi '' -lrb- `` flower towns '' -rrb- . however , most older geisha who are successful have their own home .
the exact number of geishas today is not known , but is estimated to be from 1,000 to 2,000 .
sebum is the cause of some people experiencing `` oily '' hair , as in hot weather or if not washed for several days .
physical abuse is a form of abuse which causes feelings of pain , injury , or other physical suffering .
if so , they are the nominate sumatran siamang -lrb- s. s. syndactylus -rrb- and the malaysian siamang -lrb- s. s. continentis , in peninsular malaysia -rrb- .
the siamang -lrb- symphalangus syndactylus -rrb- is a tailless , black furred gibbon native to the forests of malaysia , thailand , and sumatra . it lives in trees , that 's why it is called arboreal .
sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas -lrb- glabrous skin -rrb- of the eyelids , nose , penis , labia minora , and nipples .
while the illegal buying and selling of pets takes a toll on wild populations , the main threat to the siamang is habitat loss in both malaysia and sumatra .
with the creation of the peravia , san josã de ocoa was a municipality of that new province . then , on 6 september 2000 , san josã de ocoa was made a new province .
in males , sebaceous glands begin to appear predominantly on the penis , on the shaft and around the rim of the penile head during and after puberty .
naloxone is used in emergency cases of overdose . naltrexone than for longer-term dependence control .
naltrexone can help with overdose , but naloxone is more helpful in those cases .
the areopagus is a hill in athens , where many councils and tribunals were held . isocrates wanted to restore one of these tribunals when he wrote the speech .
dan morgan -lrb- 1830 - 9 april 1865 , -rrb- was an australian bushranger .
`` re-education -lrb- through labor -rrb- '' is the first single from the american punk rock band rise against 's fifth studio album , appeal to reason .
the sebaceous glands of a human fetus in utero secrete a substance called vernix caseosa , a `` waxy '' or `` cheesy '' white substance covering the skin of newborn babies .
a limited physical version of the single was released on 7 '' vinyl and can be gotten only by pre-ordering appeal to reason .
the single was released digitally to digital stores and radio stations on august 25 , 2008 .
the official record of everything said in the dã il is called or . volume -lrb- book -rrb- one starts on the day the third dã il met , so the record of the first dã il is called book f , and the second dã il starts with book s.
dã il ã ireann is the lower house of the parliament of ireland .
this event may cause serious acne on the face , neck , chest , back and shoulders .
a public figure is a legal term applied in the context of defamation actions -lrb- libel and slander -rrb- , as well as invasion of privacy .
lincoln became a member of ford around 1922 and was founded by henry m. leland .
chemical similarity or molecular similarity is a similarity between two different molecules . two molecules with chemical similarity may do the same or a very similar thing in an organism .
the current head teacher is dr andrew gillespie who took over from cathy long in january 2008 .
here , the sebum travels along ducts which end inside sweat pores near the surface of the skin .
the school has an all weather sports pitch which which the wycombe wanderers first team sometimes train on .
in september 2004 the department for education and skills -lrb- dfes -rrb- awarded the school status as a science college .
burnham grammar school -lrb- bgs -rrb- is a children 's grammar school in burnham , buckinghamshire .
martin erat -lrb- born august 28 , 1981 in tå ebã ä , czechoslovakia -rrb- is an nhl ice hockey right winger that currently plays for the nashville predators .
martin also has a older brother named roman who also plays hockey but does n't play in the nhl .
it was released on dvd in the united states on june 27 , 2006 , a few days after the tv series finale .
leroy & stitch is an animated movie made by walt disney television animation .
it is a spin-off disney channel movie of the 2002 animated movie lilo & stitch and the end of the television series lilo & stitch : the series .
the movie premiered on the disney channel on june 23 , 2006 and also aired on toon disney on june 26 , 2006 .
they secrete a form of sebum -lrb- known as meibum -rrb- onto the eye , which slows the drying of tears .
so the sunlight can not reach the spot . the dark image , which the object casts on the ground -lrb- or on another object -rrb- is called shadow , not shade .
dhurnal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of talagang tehsil and is located at 32 â 47 ' 60n 72 â 5 ' 60e .
before fallen was released , evanescence made two eps -lrb- evanescence ep and sound asleep ep -rrb- and one demo cd called origin .
it is also one of the eight albums to stay for at least a year within the billboard top 50 charts .
evanescence is a rock band from the united states . the band was formed in little rock , arkansas by amy lee and ben moody in 1995 .
the people who founded evanescence are singer , songwriter and pianist amy lee and guitarist and songwriter ben moody who is no longer a member in the band .
in 2004 , evanescence released anywhere but home , their first live album .
the band 's first album is fallen , which was released in 2003 .
fallen became a worldwide success , and spent 43 weeks on the billboard top 10 charts . it sold over 15 million copies and was certified 7x platinum in the united states .
the three also worked on previous evanescence songs . the band also signed their first major label in early 2003 and started working on fallen .
three of lee and moody 's friends joined the band . they were john lecompt , rocky gray and will boyd .
they met in a youth camp in 1994 , when moody heard lee playing a song on the piano .
they were replaced for some time by will hunt and troy mclawhorn , who are from the band dark new day .
according to legend she was born in the same manner as the buddha , a sanskrit mantra sounding as her mother gave birth painlessly . she is considered a reincarnation of the buddha 's own mother .
in fact , she displays whatever emanation form will tame any given -lrb- person -rrb- , just as , for example , the full moon in the sky emerges as -lrb- various -rrb- reflections in different water vessels .
her name -lrb- `` primordial -lrb- ye -rrb- wisdom -lrb- shes -rrb- queen -lrb- rgyal mo -rrb- of the lake -lrb- tso -rrb- '' -rrb- derives from her birth causing a nearby lake to double in size .
the vast majority of peppers can be found within the two main genera : piper -lrb- 2000 species -rrb- and peperomia -lrb- 1600 species -rrb- .
as a young girl , she is said to have prayed for the happiness of all sentient beings .
yeshe tsogyel -lrb- , rhymes with `` may say so well '' -rrb- is also known in the nyingma tradition of tibetan buddhism as the great bliss queen . she is both a woman and a female deity called a dakini .
she lived from 757 to 817 , and was the wife of emperor trisong detsen -lrb- 740 - c. 798 -rrb- who invited padmasambhava to tibet : from the mouth of a lotus was born the swift goddess , heroic liberator who went forth in human form amid the snowy mountains of tibet .
john edward schella -lrb- born may 9 , 1947 in port arthur , ontario -rrb- is a retired professional ice hockey player . during his career he played 385 games for the houston aeros in the world hockey association and 115 games for the vancouver canucks in the national hockey league .
the template is for wgs84 geographical coordinates -lrb- latitude ; longitude -rrb- on earth , which can be entered in either decimal notation , or degrees\/minutes\/seconds parameters , with the appropriate precision .
see how do i get my wikipedia article to show up in the google earth geographic web layer ? .
botvinnik fell two games behind by the end of the first six , played in moscow .
is used by tools which parse the raw wikipedia database dumps , such as google earth .
all parameters can be used as before - see usage .
clicking the blue globe activates the wikiminiatlas -lrb- needs javascript -rrb- .
see also wikiproject geographical coordinates .
kanye west 's 2007 song stronger from the album graduation uses a sample from harder , better , faster , stronger .
souclin is a commune .
it currently is a mix of interviews , news , opinions , tv and shopping aimed at men and women .
this is a partial list of the various lists of astronomical objects which either exist , or should exist , in wikipedia .
joã # o carlos batista pinheiro -lrb- born 13 january , 1932 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
oscar ruggeri -lrb- born 26 january 1962 -rrb- is a former argentine football player .
thespa kusatsu is a football club which plays in japan .
berniã res-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
paulo sousa -lrb- born 30 august 1970 -rrb- is a former portuguese football player .
a partial skeleton was discovered in 2001 .
at first , scientists thought they had found mandibles and skulls belonging to homo ergaster , but size differences led them to name a new species .
in africa , the australopithecines and early homo represent two distinctive evolutionary paths sharing a common ancestor .
in georgia the specimens , with a brain half the size of anatomically modern humans , were the smallest found until the discovery of homo floresiensis on the island of flores in 2003 .
the assemblage includes one of the largest pleistocene homo mandibles -lrb- d2600 -rrb- , one of the smallest lower pleistocene mandibles -lrb- d211 -rrb- , a nearly complete subâ adult -lrb- d2735 -rrb- , and a completely edentulous specimen -lrb- d3900 -rrb- .
at around 600 cmâ brain volume , the skull d2700 is dated to 1.77 million years old and in good condition offering insights in comparison to the modern human cranial morphology .
homo georgicus is a species of homo that was proposed in 2002 . it is based on fossil skulls and jaws found in dmanisi , georgia in 1999 and 2001 , which seem intermediate between homo habilis and h. erectus .
later , four fossil skeletons were found , showing a species primitive in its skull and upper body but with relatively advanced spines and lower limbs , providing greater mobility .
implements and animal bones were found alongside the ancient human remains .
therefore perfume is developed to remove body smell . to make a perfume , alcohol is needed .
result of this , use of perfume is not so high .
automatix allowed the menu-driven installation of 56 different â capabilitiesâ , including commercial closed source programs such as the flash plugin , acrobat reader , multimedia codecs -lrb- divx , mp3 , windows media audio -rrb- and fonts , and programming compilers .
kunio nagayama -lrb- born 16 september 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
money talks is a 1997 action\/comedy film directed by brett ratner and starring chris tucker and charlie sheen .
the northern line is a deep-level tube line on the london underground , colored black on the tube map .
tel aviv , haifa , beersheba and rishon lezion are also large cities .
it is known as the cultural capital of kerala .
lalleyriat is a commune .
naphthalene is toxic .
in humans , being exposed to naphthalene can destroy red blood cells .
wettin castle is located in wettin , saxony-anhalt in the hosgau on the saale river .
the house of wettin was a dynasty of german counts , dukes , prince-electors -lrb- kurfã 1\/4 rsten -rrb- and kings that ruled in what is known today as the german states of saxony and thuringia for more than 800 years .
around 1000 , as part of the german conquest of slavic territory , the family got wettin castle and changed their name .
`` priest '' , `` mother 's day '' , and `` lullaby -lrb- the divorce song -rrb- '' were originally recorded on his first cd a little bit special .
; graphics the gpu is part of the cpu and is called intel hd graphics 3000 . the 15 '' and 17 '' models also have either a separate amd radeon hd 6490m or amd radeon hd 6750m .
macbook pros are currently housed in aluminum metal and are currently available in 13 '' , 15 '' and 17 '' models .
a macbook pro is a type of laptop computer made by apple inc. .
hayley wickenheiser -lrb- born august 12 , 1978 in shaunavon , saskatchewan -rrb- is an women 's olympic ice hockey forward that plays for team canada .
she is the first woman to play full time pro hockey in a position other than goaltender .
urban is married to actress nicole kidman where he met at g ` day la , a hollywood event honoring australians and the two have 1 child : sunday rose kidman urban -lrb- born july 7 , 2008 -rrb- .
the incarnation is the belief that jesus , who is the non-created second person of the triune god ; took on a human body and everything that is human and became both man and god .
in recent past , another doctrine known as `` oneness '' has gained credit amongst pentecostal groups -lrb- see below -rrb- , but has been rejected by other christians .
netball is a sport played in two teams of seven .
hitoshi sogahata -lrb- born 2 august 1979 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for kashima antlers .
ammonium hydroxide can refer to household ammonia or a more concentrated solution of ammonia in water .
about 2 million individual pieces of glass make up the cathedral 's 128 stained glass windows .
walter de gray was made archbishop in 1215 and ordered the construction of a gothic structure to compare with canterbury ; building began in 1220 .
the nave contains the west window , constructed in 1338 .
the english reformation led to the first anglican archbishop . some of the cathedral 's treasures were taken by the crown , and the church lost some of its land .
in the english civil war the city was besieged and fell to the forces of cromwell in 1644 , but thomas fairfax prevented any further damage to the cathedral .
the church was damaged in 1069 , but the first norman archbishop , arriving in 1070 , organised repairs .
the title minster is given to churches which in the anglo-saxon period were missionary teaching churches .
some of the stained glass in york minster dates back to the twelfth century .
built in the norman style , it was 111 m -lrb- 364.173 ft -rrb- long .
it is the ` seat ' of the archbishop of york , the second-ranked religious official of the church of england . the minster is run by a chapter -lrb- committee -rrb- under the dean of york , who manages the affairs of the minster .
york has had a christian presence from the 300s .
the benedictine archbishop ealdred traveled to westminster to crown william in 1066 .
the church and the entire area then passed through the hands of norse invaders .
under elizabeth i there was an effort to remove all traces of the roman catholic church from the cathedral ; there was much destruction of tombs , windows , and altars .
much of the glass was removed before and pieced back together after the first and second world wars , and the windows are constantly being cleaned and restored to keep their beauty intact .
the minster has a wide , decorated gothic nave -lrb- where the congregation sits -rrb- and chapter house .
ealdred died in 1069 and was buried in the church .
if the office of the president of pakistan becomes vacant , or the president is unable to perform his functions , the chairman of the senate acts as president until a president is elected .
elections are held every three years for one half of the senate and each senator has a term of six years .
the major oak is the main tree in sherwood forest .
in june 2002 , the tree council decided that the major oak was one of fifty `` great british trees '' in because of its place in the national heritage .
it weighs an estimated 23 tons , has a waistline of 33 feet -lrb- 10m -rrb- , and is about 800 â `` 1000 years old . .
guã nes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the first war -lrb- 1296 â `` 1328 -rrb- began with the english invasion of scotland in 1296 , and ended with the signing of the treaty of edinburgh-northampton in 1328 .
the wars of scottish independence were a series of military campaigns fought between scotland and england in the late 13th and early 14th centuries .
at the end of both wars , scotland still was a free and independent nation , which was her main aim throughout the conflict .
the wars were part of a great national crisis for scotland and the period became one of the most important moments in the nation 's history .
the second war -lrb- 1332 â `` 1357 -rrb- began with the english-supported invasion of edward balliol and the ` disinherited ' in 1332 , and ended around 1357 with the signing of the treaty of berwick .
on a rest day during the event , world champion josã raã l capablanca gave a simultaneous exhibition in leningrad .
after defeating daroach , the mouse hands over the treasure chest he believes to contain kirby 's cake .
kirby : squeak squad , known in japan as hoshi no kirby : sanjå ! dorotche dan is a platform video game made by flagship and hal laboratory , and published by nintendo for the nintendo ds game console .
kirby travels through several areas looking for his cake and fighting the squeaks several times . he eventually confronts daroach , the squeaks ' leader .
the chambeshi river in zambia is usually taken as the source of the congo because of the accepted practice worldwide of using the longest tributary , as with the nile river .
because large parts of the river basin sit above and below the equator , its flow is very good , as there is always at least one river having a rainy season .
the congo gets its name from the old kingdom of kongo which made their home in the lands at the mouth of the river .
the congo flows mostly west from kisangani just below the falls , then slowly bends southwest , passing by mbandaka , joining with the ubangi river , and running into the pool malebo -lrb- stanley pool -rrb- .
the sources of the congo are in the highlands and mountains of the east african rift , as well as lake tanganyika and lake mweru , which feed the lualaba river . this then becomes the congo below boyoma falls .
kinshasa -lrb- formerly lã opoldville -rrb- and brazzaville are on opposite sides of the river at the pool , where the river narrows and falls through a few cataracts in deep canyons -lrb- collectively known as the livingstone falls -rrb- , running by matadi and boma , and into the sea at the small town of muanda .
in february of 2005 , south africa 's power company owned by the state , eskom , said that they had a proposal to increase the holding amount of the inga a lot through improvements and the building of a new hydroelectric dam .
railways now cross the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton .
the congo river -lrb- also known as zaire river -rrb- is the largest river in western central africa .
maltose -lrb- known as malt sugar -rrb- is a disaccharide -lrb- sometimes called di-glucose -rrb- . it is formed from two glucose molecules joined together at carbons 1 and 4 .
later , harry potter and ginerva weasley named their youngest son after albus dumbledore and severus snape . harry confesses to his son albus severus that severus snape was the bravest man he ever knew even though while still at school , snape had been the teacher that harry had hated the most because of snape 's bad behavior towards harry .
snape killed dumbledore in the sixth book because he has asked him to do that . voldemort believed snape killed him because voldemort had planned snape to do that .
he is also known to be a death eater but after voldemort started hunting lily evans , the woman snape had loved since he was a child , he asked albus dumbledore to find a safe place for the potters because he knew voldemort wanted to kill their son , harry potter . as dumbledore was not able to save the potters , snape 's sorrow was real and extremely deep , he gained dumbledore 's trust .
voldemort believed snape killed him because voldemort had planned snape to do that .
snape did n't kill himself after lily 's death only because of the green eyes he had loved that lily 's son had inherited from her . just before snape 's death in the seventh book snape asks harry to do the last thing for him .
harry confesses to his son albus severus that severus snape was the bravest man he ever knew even though while still at school , snape had been the teacher that harry had hated the most because of snape 's bad behavior towards harry . snape was so mean to harry because of harry 's father , james potter , that had bullied snape while they were at hogwarts .
these two stands have their advertising slogans changed whenever the club 's sponsor changes .
it is an unusual structure in that the steel girders run for the full length of the pitch , but the stand only runs for two thirds the length of the pitch .
fir park is a football stadium in motherwell , north lanarkshire , scotland .
this was due to a dispute with a home owner beside the stadium during construction , which the club lost , and thus were unable to complete the stand across the whole length of the pitch .
the stand was renamed the phil o'donnell stand in honor of the late motherwell captain who died on the fir park pitch .
today , the stadium has an unbalanced look , with one large stand aside three smaller stands .
opposite the east stand is the the phil o'donnell stand , which was previously known as the main stand .
british rail allocated class 499 to a fleet of six luggage vans used in electric multiple unit formations on boat train services between london and dover .
in 1945 he dominated the tournament , scoring 15\/17 ; in 1952 he tied with mark taimanov and won the play-off match .
in 1813 his family , including dorothy , moved to rydal mount , ambleside -lrb- between grasmere and rydal water -rrb- , where he spent the rest of his life .
war between france and britain prevented him from seeing annette and caroline again for several years .
through this period , many of his poems speak of death , endurance , separation , and grief .
here , wordsworth also gives his famous definition of poetry as `` the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings from emotions recollected in tranquility . ''
because he was poor and there were tensions between britain and france , he returned alone to england the next year .
viktor baturinsky wrote `` now came botvinnik 's turn to defend his title in accordance with the new qualifying system which he himself had outlined in 1946 '' .
william wordsworth -lrb- april 7 , 1770 â `` april 23 , 1850 -rrb- was an important poet of the romantic age in english literature .
in 1793 wordsworth published the poetry collections an evening walk and descriptive sketches .
the preface to lyrical ballads is considered a central work of romantic literary theory .
together , wordsworth and coleridge produced lyrical ballads -lrb- 1798 -rrb- , an important work in the english romantic movement .
he fell in love with a french woman , annette vallon , who in 1792 gave birth to their child , caroline .
he also wrote a number of famous poems , including `` the lucy poems . ''
in it , wordsworth discusses what he sees as the elements of a new type of poetry , one based on the `` real language of men '' and which avoids the poetic diction of much eighteenth-century poetry .
mikhail botvinnik later said , `` i am a jew by blood , russian by culture , soviet by upbringing '' .
wordsworth was england 's poet laureate from 1843 until his death in 1850 .
the river aln is a river in the county of northumberland .
tencent qq , also known as qq , is a popular instant messaging software in mainland china .
cambodia managed fourth in soccer in the 1972 southeast asian games .
in cambodia , people play many sports .
the angkor civilization is the world 's largest pre-industrial civilization . one of the buildings from angkor is a hindu\/buddhist temple called angkor wat which is the world 's largest religious structure .
most of the stations are under the ground . the stations in the loop are flinders street station , southern cross station , parliament , melbourne central and flagstaff .
these are called `` essential amino acids '' and different animals have different amino acids they are not able to create .
animals have certain amino acids they are not able to create this way , and must get from their food . these are called `` essential amino acids '' and different animals have different amino acids they are not able to create .
animals eat proteins and break them down into amino acids in order to recombine them into other things needed , including other proteins and other amino acids . animals have certain amino acids they are not able to create this way , and must get from their food .
these are called `` essential amino acids '' and different animals have different amino acids they are not able to create . meat contains all the essential amino acids humans need ; most plants do not .
other topics studied in thermal physics include : chemical potential , the quantum nature of an ideal gas , i.e. in terms of fermions and bosons , bose-einstein condensation , gibbs free energy , helmholtz free energy , chemical equilibrium , phase equilibrium , the equipartition theorem , entropy at absolute zero , and transport processes as mean free path , viscosity , and conduction .
the electromagnetic nature of photons and phonons are studied which show that the oscillations of electromagnetic fields and of crystal lattices have much in common .
waves form a basis for both , provided one incorporates quantum theory .
this umbrella-subject is typically designed for physics students and functions to provide a general introduction to each of three core heat-related subjects .
other authors , however , define thermal physics loosely as a summation of only thermodynamics and statistical mechanics .
condeissiat is a commune .
he died at the same day as ingmar bergman , another famous director .
michelangelo antonioni -lrb- september 29 1912 â `` july 30 , 2007 -rrb- was born in rome , italy . he was a film director .
big ben is the nickname of a bell that rings in the clock tower at the northern end of the houses of parliament in westminster , london , england . officially , the tower itself is called the clock tower , palace of westminster .
fort amsterdam -lrb- later called fort james , fort willem hendrick , fort james -lrb- again -rrb- , fort william , fort anne and fort george between british and dutch rule -rrb- was a fort on the southern tip of modern-day manhattan that was the administrative headquarters for the dutch and then british rule of new york from 1625 to 1790 , when it was torn down after the american revolution .
red riding hood , in this re-telling , is the daughter of a highway man called riding hood .
the second section of repeating parts of the story happens when red riding hood sees the wolf in her grandmother 's bed . red riding hood says `` oh granny , what big eyes you 've got ! ''
`` from this story one learns that children , especially young lasses , pretty , courteous and well-bred , do very wrong to listen to strangers ... all wolves are not of the same sort ... there is one kind -lrb- that is not -rrb- noisy , nor hateful , nor angry , but tame , obliging and gentle , following the young maids in the streets , even into their homes .
... these gentle wolves are ... the most dangerous ! ''
cortã s took moctezuma prisoner .
in 1971 he is jess brandon , assistant attorney of the owen marshall , in owen marshall : counselor at law .
michelle bachelet -lrb- verã nica michelle bachelet jeria -rrb- became the first woman president of chile . she served from 11 march 2006 to 11 march 2010 .
on the basis of his strong results during and just after world war ii , botvinnik was one of five players to contest the world chess championship 1948 , which was held at the hague and moscow .
kannada is a dravidian language .
many words in kannada are taken from sanskrit .
in the united states some top-level open wheel events are held on ovals , both short track and superspeedways .
some races , such as the monaco grand prix are held on temporary street circuits .
open-wheel cars are usually built just for racing . often , they have a higher amount of technological sophistication than in other forms of motor racing .
depending on the rules of the class , many types of open-wheelers have spoilers or wings . they are very low and have an almost flat bottom .
open-wheel vehicles , are light weight , have good aerodynamics , and powerful engines .
open-wheel cars are different from street cars , sports cars , stock cars , and touring cars . these car have their wheels below or inside the body or fenders .
a typical open-wheeler has a small cockpit . it is only large enough for the driver 's body .
wheel-to-wheel contact is dangerous . if the forward edge of one tire contacts the rear of another tire , the vehicle my be flipped into the air and upside down .
behind the seal , it has a red saltire , which resembles the spanish cross of burgundy flag used in florida since the early 1500s . the current flag was adopted in in 1900 .
yorkshire pudding is a british food .
more recent targeted campaigning has related to the indian point energy center , oyster creek nuclear generating station , pilgrim nuclear generating station , salem nuclear power plant , vermont yankee nuclear power plant , idaho national laboratory , proposed yucca mountain waste repository , the hanford site , the nevada test site , lawrence livermore national laboratory , and transportation of nuclear waste from the los alamos national laboratory .
anti-nuclear campaigns that captured national public attention in the 1970s involved the calvert cliffs nuclear power plant , seabrook station nuclear power plant , diablo canyon power plant , shoreham nuclear power plant , and the three mile island accident .
botvinnik 's play was better than in the 1960 match , mainly due to thorough preparation .
though the united kingdom of great britain and ireland came to an end in 1922 , the monarch continued to use the title of king or queen of united kingdom of great britain and ireland until 1927 .
it was formed by the merger of the kingdom of great britain -lrb- itself having been a merger of the kingdoms of england and scotland -rrb- and the kingdom of ireland .
dhikr is a kind of worship to god .
it is the capital chamber taluka -lrb- a subdivision of the district -rrb- .
scottsville , virginia is a town of virginia in the united states .
rohri taluka is an administrative subdivision -lrb- taluka -rrb- of sukkur district in the sindh province of pakistan , the town of rohri is the capital .
it is available only as a digital download from the itunes store .
live session ep is an ep released by the rock band panic at the disco on june 13 , 2006 .
stefan reuter -lrb- born 16 october , 1966 -rrb- is a former german football player .
it was early-days moog work and it did take a bit of time '' .
his father was a dental technician , and a cantor in the local synagogue . his mother was a dentist , which allowed the family to live outside the pale of settlement to which most jews in russia were restricted at the time .
their rarity often promotes the value of both the raw material , and the finished work it becomes a part of .
this is a list of graphical signs , icons , and symbols .
in geometry the parallel postulate is one of the axioms of euclidean geometry . sometimes it is also called euclid 's fifth postulate , because it is the fifth postulate in euclid 's elements .
another geometry simply removes euclid 's fifth postulate and does n't replace it with anything . this is called neutral geometry or absolute geometry .
this proved that euclid 's fifth postulate was independent of the other postulates .
if you cut a line segment with two lines , and the two interior angles the lines form add up to less than two right angles , then the two lines will eventually meet if you extend them long enough .
this proved that euclid 's fifth postulate was independent of the other postulates . after this , mathematicians mostly stopped trying to prove the fifth postulate from the other four postulates .
this formed a new geometry called elliptic geometry .
given a straight line and a point not on this line , you can only draw one straight line through this point that will not meet the other straight line .
gaucho -lrb- or gaã cho -rrb- is the term commonly used for people who live in the south regions of brazil , mainly in rio grande do sul .
the tests can be used to check for conditions such as down syndrome , spina bifida , cleft palate , tay sachs disease , sickle cell anemia , thalassemia , cystic fibrosis , and fragile x syndrome .
tomã å jun -lrb- born 17 january 1983 -rrb- is a czech football player . he plays for austria wien .
she is most famous for her role as margaret houlihan on the m \* a \* s \* h tv series .
botvinnik did not play in the soviet team that won the 1952 chess olympiad in helsinki : the players voted for the line-up and placed botvinnik on second board , with keres on top board ; botvinnik protested and refused to play .
gel electrophoresis is a technique used for separating dna of different sizes . this happens in a special gel electrophoresis machine , which is a rectangular shaped block of gel in a box containing a liquid -lrb- called buffer -rrb- and a voltage running through it from one electrode to another .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- is an organization that runs the public transport network in london .
apache http server , also called apache , is a web server notable for helping the growth of the world wide web .
it is located in the punjab province and is the capital of dera ghazi khan district .
toshio matsuura -lrb- born 20 november 1955 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
givenchy-l ã s-la-bass ã e is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
botvinnik changed his style in the rematch , avoiding the tactical complications in which tal excelled and aiming for closed positions and endgames , where tal 's technique was not outstanding .
endorheic basins usually end in a saline lake or a salt flat .
endorheic lakes in antarctica are located in the mcmurdo dry valleys , victoria land , antarctica , the largest ice-free area in antarctica .
an endorheic basin , also called an internal drainage system , is a drainage basin , or watershed , that does not flow to one of the earth 's major oceans .
minor additional endorheic lakes exist throughout the mediterranean countries spain -lrb- e.g. laguna de gallocanta -rrb- , italy , cyprus -lrb- larnaca and akrotiri salt lakes -rrb- and greece .
many small lakes and ponds in north dakota and manitoba are endorheic ; some of them have salt encrustations along their shores .
usually female judges of the high court of england and wales are created dames commander after appointment . male judges are not , because they are usually made knights bachelor instead .
the british rail class 312 is a type of alternating current -lrb- ac -rrb- electric multiple unit -lrb- emu -rrb- built in 1966-1974 intended for use on outer-suburban passenger services .
blairville is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
billie -lrb- she was known at the time only by her first name -rrb- was the first british female singer to have a first single start at # 1 on the uk pop charts .
honey to the b is the first album by pop singer billie piper , released in 1998 -lrb- see 1998 in music -rrb- .
carmen became the basis for the opera carmen , by georges bizet .
pietro anastasi -lrb- born 7 april , 1948 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
the magi were told in a dream not to go back to jerusalem . so , they `` left for their own country by another road '' .
the star of bethlehem is a well-loved subject at planetarium shows during christmas , but the bible seems to suggest that the magi visited jesus at least several months after he was born .
the star of bethlehem , also called the christmas star , is a star in the bible and christian tradition that let the magi know that jesus was born , and later helped them go to bethlehem .
they included three future world champions anatoly karpov , garry kasparov and vladimir kramnik .
in a tapestry about the magi , designed by edward burne-jones , the star is held by an angel .
joseph was warned in a dream to escape . he took his family to egypt to be safe .
he wrote that , in london after the tournament , emanuel lasker said his arrival only two hours before the first round began was a serious mistake and that he should have allowed ten days for acclimatization .
according to the gospel of matthew , the star made the magi travel to jerusalem .
paintings and other works of art about the magi 's visit may include the star .
they gave jesus gold , frankincense , and myrrh as presents .
it is the county seat of alfalfa county .
cherokee is a city of oklahoma in the united states .
sight is very important for most lizards , both for locating prey and for communication . many lizards have highly acute color vision .
anoxic events may have caused mass extinctions .
there are many feast days which honor the virgin mary , such as the nativity of the blessed virgin on 8 september which remembers her birth .
riluzole is believed to make damage smaller to motor neurons by decreasing the release of glutamate , a substance that is found in most als patients .
other treatments for als are designed to make symptoms less painful and improve the quality of life for patients .
about 75 % of people have limb onset als .
other limb onset patients first see the effects of the disease on a hand or arm as they have a difficult time with simple tasks requiring hand dexterity , or ability to move small things , such as buttoning a shirt , writing , or turning a key in a lock .
his wife was simone duvalier , and his son , jean-claude duvalier succeeded him as president .
franã ois duvalier -lrb- 14 april 1907 - 21 april 1971 -rrb- , known as `` papa doc '' , was the president -lrb- dictator -rrb- and head of state of haiti from 1957 until his death .
double bass players in jazz bands or rock bands often connect their double bass to an electronic amplifier and a loudspeaker , to make a louder , stronger sound . this makes it easier for the double bass player , the other musicians , and the audience to hear the double bass 's musical notes .
henry iii was unable to be crowned in london when he first came to the throne because the french prince louis -lrb- later louis viii -rrb- had taken control of the city .
this system is particularly useful for basslines that have a repeating pedal point such as a low d , because once the note is locked in place with the mechanical `` finger '' , the lowest string then sounds a different note when it is played `` open '' -lrb- e.g. , a low d -rrb- .
in the united states , canada and united kingdom , most professional orchestral players use four-string double basses with a `` c extension , '' which extends the lowest string down as far as low c , an octave below the lowest note on the cello .
the advantage of this `` fingered '' extension is that the player can adjust the intonation of all of the stopped notes on the extension , and there are no mechanical noises from metal keys and levers .
the simplest type of mechanical aid is the use of wooden `` fingers '' that can be closed to press the string down and fret the c # , d , eb , or e notes .
throughout classical repertoire , there are notes that fall below the range of a standard double bass .
in the simplest version , there are no mechanical aids attached to the fingerboard extension except a locking nut for the `` e '' note .
more rarely would one find a four-string double bass with a `` b extension '' , extending the lowest string down to a low b. the extension is an extra section of fingerboard mounted up over the head of the bass .
the double bass is generally tuned in fourths , in contrast to members of the orchestral string family , which are tuned in fifths .
throughout classical repertoire , there are notes that fall below the range of a standard double bass . notes below low e appear regularly in double bass parts in the baroque and classical eras , when the double bass was typically doubling the cello part an octave below .
the double bass also has many other names .
in an orchestra , double bass players bow the strings with a wooden bow strung with horsehair , or pluck the strings with their fingers -lrb- plucking the strings is called pizzicato -rrb- . in jazz the double bass is played pizzicato most of the time .
notes below low e appear regularly in double bass parts in the baroque and classical eras , when the double bass was typically doubling the cello part an octave below .
it is also spoken as a second language by some brahui .
gauchin-verloingt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
this kind of bibliography is not concerned with the written content of books , but rather the `` bookness '' of books - â `` how they were designed , edited , printed , circulated , reprinted and collected .
another meaning of bibliography is the academic study of books as physical and cultural objects ; in this sense , it is also known as bibliology .
bibliography -lrb- greek î î î î '' î ï = book î ï î ï î = write -rrb- is the arrangement of printed books and articles according to author or subject , and the publication of lists of titles .
the emmy awards are united states television production awards which are given out each year . they are the television version of the academy awards .
the best-known of the awards are the primetime awards -lrb- some of which are named `` creative arts emmys '' -rrb- and the daytime emmy awards .
shirley dinsdale was the very first person to be given an emmy in the first awards ceremony .
kursi aur qanoon is a pakistani punjabi film directed by syed noor .
a normal pole is about 12 â `` 16 feet -lrb- 4 â `` 5 m -rrb- long and weighs about 10 lb -lrb- 5 kg -rrb- .
poles for pleasure punts are normally made of spruce , or aluminium .
a punt is a flat boat with a broad front , designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water .
jive later released a reel big fish greatest hits album , greatest hit ... and more , because they owned the rights to all previous songs .
the band formed their own label and released a 3-disc live performance cd\/dvd set , our live album is better than your live album .
king edward 's chair -lrb- or st edward 's chair -rrb- , is the throne on which british sovereigns sit when the crown is put on their heads . it is kept in the abbey , and has been used at every coronation since 1308 .
gã 1\/4 nter netzer -lrb- born 14 september 1944 -rrb- is a former german football player .
once a coastal city near the mouth of the then euphrates river on the persian gulf , ur is now well inland , south of the euphrates on its right bank , 16 k from nasiriyah , iraq .
longinus ' legend grew over the years to the point that he was said to have converted to christianity after the crucifixion , and he is traditionally venerated as a saint in various christian denominations .
the longinus legend further identifies this soldier as the centurion present at the crucifixion , who testified , `` in truth this man was son of god . ''
the himalayan elm -lrb- ulmus wallichiana -rrb- planch . , also known as the kashmir elm , found in kashmir .
anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa are two of the most common eating disorders today .
initially he was a bad guy and naruto 's rival . after a while the two develop a bond as kindred spirits and become close friends .
he is known as gaara of the sand in the viz translation , and sabaku no gaara -lrb- gaara of the desert -rrb- in the original japanese . initially he was a bad guy and naruto 's rival .
he is known as gaara of the sand in the viz translation , and sabaku no gaara -lrb- gaara of the desert -rrb- in the original japanese .
sebastiã n battaglia -lrb- born 8 november 1980 -rrb- is an argentine football player . he plays for boca juniors and argentina national team .
the metropolitan transportation authority police , or mta police , is the police force of new york 's metropolitan transportation authority local railroad , or mta .
officers of the mta police are ful police officers in new york state and in the state of connecticut .
open source is a kind of software . it is different from other software because the source code is available to everyone .
wikipedia uses open source too . the open source movement is led by the open source initiative .
it is europe 's most complete neolithic village . the level of preservation is such that it is a main part of the unesco world heritage site of the heart of neolithic orkney .
stuttering therapy this therapy is also known as `` speak more fluently '' , `` prolonged speech '' or `` connected speech . '' it trains stutterers to speak fluently -lrb- without the â bumpy bitsâ -rrb- by controlling their breathing and how they move their lips , jaw , and tongue .
the most widely known approach was made by charles van riper in 1973 and is also known as block modification therapy .
this helps to make very slow but non bumpy speech used only in the speech clinic .
stutterers are trained to slow down their speaking rate by stretching vowels and consonants . other methods include soft speech contacts .
fluency shaping approaches are normally taught in groups therapy programs , which may take two to three weeks to complete . more recently the camperdown program , using a much shorter schedule , has been shown to work well .
the goal of stuttering modification therapy is not to get rid of stuttering but to change it so that stuttering is easier and less stressful .
although the stone is now kept in scotland , at future coronations the stone will be returned briefy to st edward 's chair for the moment of coronation .
this behavior has declined recently because of the replacement of doorstep delivery by supermarket purchases of milk , and by hard-topped containers instead of the old bottles .
a blue tit will often ascend a trunk in short jerky hops , imitating a treecreeper .
it is fond of young buds of various trees , and may pull them to bits in the hope of finding insects .
an interesting example of culturally transmitted learning in birds was the phenomenon dating from the 1960s of blue tits teaching one another how to open traditional british milk bottles with foil tops , to get at the cream underneath .
hutton hit on a variety of ideas to explain the rock strata he saw around him . according to playfair he `` was in no haste to publish his theory ; for he was one of those who are much more delighted with the contemplation of truth , than with the praise of having discovered itâ .
over time there was a convergence between these views , but lyell 's description of the development of geological ideas led to a belief that uniformitarianism had triumphed .
hutton later read an abstract of his concerning the system of the earth , its duration and stability on 4 july 1785 , which he had printed and circulated privately .
after some 25 years of work , his theory of the earth was read to meetings of the royal society of edinburgh in 1785 .
prior to that he had been their test driver . he has also competited in the gp2 series for the dams team .
restatements of his geological ideas -lrb- though not his thoughts on evolution -rrb- by john playfair in 1802 and then charles lyell in the 1830s popularized the concept of an infinitely repeating cycle , though lyell tended to dismiss hutton 's views as giving too much credence to catastrophic changes .
lyell 's books had widepread influence , not least on the up and coming young geologist charles darwin who read them with enthusiasm during his voyage on the beagle .
william whewell coined the term uniformitarianism to describe lyell 's version of the ideas . this was in contrast with catastrophism , the idea that the rocks recorded a series of catastrophes followed by repopulation by a new range of species .
at these places , the produced materials are tested before delivery . to test them , testing guidelines of industry or this firm are used .
the test bay is part of the quality management . the protocols written during testing are evidences in case of insurance issues , say .
the article about her is at psyche -lrb- mythology -rrb- the ancient greeks believed that the psyche -lrb- or soul -rrb- was responsible for behavior .
tatsunori hisanaga -lrb- born 23 december 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the first time phonetics was studied was 2,500 years ago in what is now india , with pä á ini , when he wrote about the place and manner of articulation of consonants in sanskrit in his 5th century bc essay on sanskrit linguistics .
the major indic scripts today order their consonants the way pä á ini did .
she is also a supporter for the tea party movement and founder of the house 's tea party caucus .
saint-aignan-sur-ro ã `` is a commune of 926 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
he or she is the `` custodial parent '' .
he also raced in the japanese gt300 sports car series , where he ended the year eighth .
if a child lives with one parent , that parent has `` sole physical custody '' . he or she is the `` custodial parent '' .
if a child lives with one parent , that parent has `` sole physical custody '' .
there may be `` joint custody '' , which means that both parents have custody over the child .
klaus fischer -lrb- born 27 december , 1949 -rrb- is a former german football player .
a flash -lrb- also known as a tattoo flash -rrb- is a design or picture that is used in order to create a tattoo .
he was drafted by the ottawa senators with the 291st overall pick in the 2003 nhl draft and played 3 seasons with them before being traded to the colorado avalanche on february 18 , 2011 for craig anderson .
brian elliott -lrb- born april 9 , 1985 in newmarket , ontario -rrb- is a professional canadian ice hockey goaltender that currently plays for the colorado avalanche of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
a study by hey has indicated that of the people migrating across this land bridge during that time period , only 70 left their genetic print in modern descendants .
the rise and fall of global sea levels has exposed and submerged the bridging land mass called `` beringia '' in several periods of the pleistocene .
the beringian land bridge is believed to have existed both in the glaciation that occurred before 35,000 bp and during the more recent period 22,000-7 ,000 years before present .
during cycles of global cooling , such as the most recent ice age , enough sea water became concentrated in the ice caps of the arctic and antarctica that the subsequent drop in eustatic sea levels exposed shallow sea floors that have subsequently re-flooded .
its greatest extension was about 1,000 miles -lrb- 1,600 km -rrb- north to south .
nakajima is the son of the retired formula one driver satoru nakajima .
the word `` economy '' comes from the greek word î á 1\/4 î î î 1\/2 ï î 1\/4 î ï , meaning `` person who manages the house . ''
this land was given to morcar , the king 's chief minister .
it is to the north of the river trent .
the minnesota wild are a nhl team based in saint paul , minnesota .
he qualifyed 10th and finish eighth and scored a point .
busnes is a commune . it is found in the nord-pas-de-calais region in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
houthulst is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
the presidents ' trophy is an award presented by the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season .
however , the montreal canadiens have finished first overall 21 times , the most times in league history , although they have yet to win the presidents ' trophy .
the presidents ' trophy is an award presented by the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- to the team that finishes with the most points in the league during the regular season . if two teams tie for the most points , then the trophy goes to the team with the most wins .
before the 1985 â `` 86 nhl season , the best team in the league during the regular season was allowed to hang a banner stating `` nhl league champions '' .
with the modern era expansion in the 1967 â `` 68 season and the start of the west division , the wales trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the east division during the regular season .
the trophy was introduced at the start of the 1985 â `` 86 nhl season by the league 's board of governors .
the city consists out of the town seligenstadt and the 2 former independent villages froschhausen and klein-welzheim , both now urban districts of seligenstadt . on 1 january 1977 they were united .
in this time also the name was changed from obermã 1\/4 hlheim to seligenstadt , because people brought some holy bones to the town .
around 830 the owner of the town started to build a great church , the einhard-basilika , and a monastery .
the city consists out of the town seligenstadt and the 2 former independent villages froschhausen and klein-welzheim , both now urban districts of seligenstadt .
nakajima scored again at the british grand prix .
in 815 the name obermã 1\/4 hlheim was written down in a document for the first time .
by the way is the eighth studio album by american alternative rock band red hot chili peppers .
the balkan range runs 560 km from eastern serbia eastward through central bulgaria to cape emine on the black sea .
a highly irritating problem can be the placement of too much foreign -lrb- or off-topic text -rrb- in the intro section .
a very narrow column can cause text-wrapping as , sometimes , one-word-per-line , all the way down the entire column .
it is important to seek the knowledge of experts , but hacks might not even understand the basics that experts know , so some humility is needed in such discussions .
the subject of `` vending machines on dark side-streets '' is clarified , at the end , by repeating `` on dark side-streets '' which readers might have forgotten , since that was the 2nd phrase in the long sentence .
these mass extinctions were so characteristic that they have been used by geologists as markers in biostratigraphic dating .
the term `` whereas '' was used to be more specific than the word `` where '' -lrb- other similar precise terms , used to help clarify , include `` instead '' or `` rather than '' -rrb- .
there are several ways to allow the end-word to stay on the same line , without wrapping .
by word-joining the first few words of a phrase -lrb- such as `` at the outset '' or `` the region covers '' -rrb- , the text can be forced down the page , into a wider column , where all the joined-words can fit side-by-side , across the line .
the indented line will indent less , on a narrow screen , because the non-breaking spaces will be on an upper line , and the text will shift to the next line .
the length of each line is chosen to reflect the cadence or rhythm of the music , where the singer could take a breath at the end of each line .
a method for undenting the first word of a paragraph is to put the paragraph into a text-table , where the first word -lrb- or syllable -rrb- is -lrb- alone -rrb- in column 1 , while the other text is in column 2 .
otherwise , many long equations -lrb- especially , near images or infoboxes -rrb- would be shifted down a page , causing a wide text-gap to appear , because they would be too long to fit when fully indented .
also , other , lively colors could be bolded without much confusion with the article-title words -lrb- see color choices in : web colors -rrb- .
however , the use of a reduced font-size can help minimize the glaring impact of off-topic text .
such use of auto-indented text is , typically , rare , but can avoid large text-gaps where the page would become half-blank on a narrow window .
this essay , wikipedia : advanced text formatting or advanced typesetting , describes many techniques to control -lrb- or adjust -rrb- the alignment of text on a page .
such bold-faced text could be confusing when not connected to the article title , so the use of a lighter bolded text allows for highlighting , with less confusion about the article-title words .
besides using '' &#160; '' other characters , such as comma , semicolon or slash , could be appended after the end-quotemark , if they fit the meaning .
of course , once again , a full solution often involves removing some excess text -lrb- from the image-caption -rrb- to a lower spot on the page , and then referring to the image , such as '' -lrb- see image at right -rrb- '' from that text .
: : for science is a natural whole , the parts of whichmutually support one another in a way which , to be sure , no one can anticipate .
because thousands of articles begin with formally defining a term , with stating a quoted meaning , the forced wrapping of end-quotemarks has become a major typesetting nightmare in wikipedia .
it was announced on 9 october 2007 that following the retirement of alexander wurz , nakajima would race for williams in the season finale in brazilian grand prix .
real typesetting software , for over 30 years , typically has had simple directives to trigger alignments as left , right , center , or undented -lrb- beyond the left-margin line -rrb- .
the colon-indent prefix '' : '' which indents lines -lrb- by about 7 spaces -rrb- also triggers a smaller line-height , so any indented wrapped-text will appear closer to the upper-text on the indented line .
compare the bolded text of one\/two , against the stark contrast , of the shortcut title of this essay page : wp : typeset .
often , it is not necessary to re-write technical articles for better clarity ; instead , just add several commas and see if an article can be easily clarified , within minutes , rather than spend hours re-writing , or splitting , the technical descriptions .
the wrapping of end-quotes grew to be so common , during 2005-2010 , that it has become instinctive to expect an end-quote to almost always be prematurely wrapped onto a second line , and the first line to be truncated as bizarrely too short .
the premature wrapping of the 18-character phrase `` dogs ... typewriter '' is typical , not an exaggeration of how much text gets forced onto the second line in many articles .
nakajima scored two points at monaco .
note that there are some examples of the opposite effect : such as an opera singer -lrb- luciano pavarotti -rrb- learning to sing well without being able to read music .
sometimes text , next to a wide image-box or wide infobox , tends to get squeezed into a narrow column of text .
then , even when the page is viewed in larger browser text-size settings , the joined text will float down to columns where the typesetting looks more logical , rather than the default , of one-word-per-line , in a narrow column .
-- albert einstein , out of my later years sometimes , the setting must be precise , where 1.30 em would be too close , or 1.35 would separate lines too much , while 1.33 em provides an even balance , for the particular lines in the quotation .
however , the currently invalid options '' '' and '' '' could be added someday , as a trivial implementation , because to handle `` center '' then the left\/right margins must already be known to the computer .
nakajima scored two points at monaco . he was the first japanese formula one driver to scored a point at monaco .
a very common problem , when using a smaller font , is the gapping caused by large interline spacing between the lines .
moving a distracting tag-box can greatly improve the readability for readers , who might otherwise become surprised and alarmed by a 2-year-old gripe box which someone threw on the page , unopposed , years ago . some tag-boxes give the idea that the box must be read to avoid very dangerous information in an article .
perhaps the single greatest improvement to many articles is to lower those grandstanding top tag-boxes that proclaim , `` this article is bad : change it now '' .
the commas act , almost like magic , to simplify a long sentence , without the need to drastically cut and reword the text to be easier to read .
: : : : i hear jerusalem , bells are ringing , roman cavalry , choirs are singing , -- -lrb- cavalry are horse-soldiers -rrb- `` be my mirror , my sword and shield , my missionairies in a foreign field '' , for some reason ... -- coldplay , `` viva la vida '' -lrb- a -rrb- for coding on multiple lines , use '' '' rather than '' '' tags .
perhaps the most common fix is to append the blank-code '' &#160; '' -lrb- or even a comma -rrb- after the end quotemark so that it will not wrap too soon :
most of those tag-box templates allow a parameter '' section '' when lowering the tag-box further down the page .
hisashi kato -lrb- born 24 april 1956 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the averyâ `` macleodâ `` mccarty experiment was an experimental demonstration , reported in 1944 by oswald avery , colin macleod , and maclyn mccarty , that dna is the substance that causes bacterial transformation .
this was the culmination of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the rockefeller institute for medical research to purify and characterize the `` transforming principle '' responsible for the phenomenon first described in griffith 's experiment of 1928 . in this early experiment dead streptococcus pneumoniae of the virulent strain type iii-s , when injected along with living but non-virulent type ii-r pneumococci , resulted in a deadly infection of type iii-s pneumococci .
blue tattoo is the third album by the estonian girl band vanilla ninja , and the last original vanilla ninja album released by bros records .
he played in the national hockey league for the boston bruins and in the wha for the cincinnati stingers .
gordon corson clark -lrb- born may 31 , 1952 in glasgow , scotland -rrb- is a retired ice hockey right winger .
the fia ruled that stefan gp could not be entered for the season at such a late stage . that left nakajima with no ride in formula one for 2010 .
b-flat major is a good key for most wind instruments , especially those for which it is their home key , such as clarinets , trumpets , saxophones , and the flutes in b-flat .
however , joseph haydn still gets credit for writing the timpani part at actual pitch with an f major key signature -lrb- instead of transposing with a c major key signature -rrb- , something that made things easier and made more sense .
uracil replaces thymine in rna .
nakajima also served as williams ' test driver , completing 7,000 km of testing for the team .
they include cytosine , guanine , adenine , thymine in -lrb- dna -rrb- , uracil in -lrb- rna -rrb- and xanthine and hypoxanthine -lrb- mutated forms of guanine and adenine -rrb- . these are abbreviated as c , g , a , t , u , x and hx respectively .
because a , g , c and t appear in the dna , these molecules are called dna-bases ; a , g , c and u are called rna-bases .
nucleobases are important for genetics . they are parts of rna and dna that may be involved in pairing -lrb- see base pair -rrb- .
like the flintstones or the smurfs , they have much of the same technology as contemporary humans , adapted to their own aquatic environment .
the captain wound up in the water , and that was the first contact between the species when the snorks saved his life , to which the captain then expressed his gratitude by writing a book about the snorks , although very few humans believe in the existence of the snorks .
they have snorkels on their heads , which are used to propel them swiftly through the water .
the captain wound up in the water , and that was the first contact between the species when the snorks saved his life , to which the captain then expressed his gratitude by writing a book about the snorks , although very few humans believe in the existence of the snorks . since then , snorks have adopted several human habits , such as wearing clothes .
it was found by charles t. kowal at the mount palomar observatory on september 14 , 1974 , after three nights ' worth of photographic plates had been taken -lrb- september 11 through 13 ; leda appears on all of them -rrb- .
the orbital elements given here are as of january 2000 , but they are changing a lot due to solar and planetary perturbations .
van der sloot related that they drove holloway to the california lighthouse area of arashi beach because holloway wanted to see sharks , before dropping holloway off at her hotel around 2:00 a.m. . according to van der sloot , holloway fell down as she exited the car but refused van der sloot 's help .
the disappearance generated a media sensation in both the u.s. and aruba and sparked considerable interest in the netherlands .
u.s. television networks devoted much air time to the search for holloway , the investigation of her disappearance , and rumors surrounding the case .
the prosecution indicated a continuing interest in the kalpoes and joran van der sloot -lrb- though they are now no longer legally suspects -rrb- , and alleged that one of the three , in a chat room message , had stated that holloway was dead .
van der sloot initially denied knowing holloway 's name , but he then told the following story , with which deepak kalpoe , who was present , agreed . van der sloot related that they drove holloway to the california lighthouse area of arashi beach because holloway wanted to see sharks , before dropping holloway off at her hotel around 2:00 a.m. .
the broadcast included excerpts from footage recorded from hidden cameras and microphones in the vehicle of patrick van der eem , a dutch businessman and ex-con , who gained van der sloot 's confidence .
twitty has stated that she has received copies of police statements stating that joran van der sloot admitted having sex with holloway at his home and described intimate details of her .
blanken stated that `` the locations , names , and times he gave just did not make sense '' .
in 2000 , elizabeth holloway married george `` jug '' twitty , a prominent alabama businessman , and natalee moved with her family to mountain brook , alabama .
these cases rarely receive the attention and resources we see given to other missing persons .
harvey called the movie `` sloppy and uneven , a forgettable look at the tragedy that consumed the nation 's attention for months '' .
natalee holloway -lrb- born october 21 , 1986 -rrb- , from mountain brook , alabama , united states , disappeared on may 30 , 2005 during a graduation trip in aruba .
dompig indicated pressure from holloway 's family caused them to stop their surveillance prematurely and to detain the three suspects .
on thursday , may 26 , 2005 , holloway and 124 fellow graduates of mountain brook high school , located in a wealthy suburb of birmingham , alabama , arrived in aruba for a five-day , unofficial graduation trip .
on november 30 , 2007 , a judge ordered the release of satish and deepak kalpoe , despite attempts by the prosecution to extend their detention .
that search , involving a vessel called the persistence , was abandoned due to lack of funds at the end of february 2008 with nothing of significance found .
the english-language media , for example , appear to be focused on the stories of missing white women , such as with the disappearance of natalee holloway in aruba .
she contends that van der sloot dumped holloway 's body , possibly alive , into the caribbean .
with aruban investigators citing what was described as newly discovered evidence , joran van der sloot and satish and deepak kalpoe were rearrested november 21 , 2007 , on suspicion of involvement in `` manslaughter and causing serious bodily harm that resulted in the death of holloway '' . van der sloot was detained by dutch authorities in the netherlands , while the kalpoe brothers were both detained in aruba .
this was hotly contested by deepak kalpoe 's attorney , who stated that the prosecution , in translating from papiamento to dutch , had misconstrued a reference to a teacher who had drowned as one to holloway .
according to the lawsuit filed by the kalpoe brothers , she has -lrb- on various television programs -rrb- repeatedly accused them , and joran van der sloot , of `` sexual assault '' and `` gang rape '' of her daughter .
due to lack of evidence the three men were released without charge after each arrest .
following the airing of the de vries program , beth twitty , adhering to the position that the tapes represent the way events transpired , told the new york post that she believes her daughter might still be alive if van der sloot had called for help .
holloway was last seen by her classmates leaving the aruban bar and night club carlos ` n charlie 's around 1:30 a.m. on monday , may 30 .
beth twitty 's attorney , john q. kelly , told abc news that he had little faith that the supposed evidence would prove pivotal to the case and suggested that it would be quickly debunked .
van der sloot denied that what he said on the tape was true , stating that he was under the influence of marijuana at the time .
the prosecution appealed the kalpoes ' release .
on june 9 , 2005 , van der sloot and the kalpoe brothers were arrested on suspicion of kidnapping and murdering holloway .
the search for physical evidence was extensive and , on occasion , subject to false leads ; for example , a possible blood sample taken from deepak kalpoe 's car was tested but determined not to be blood .
that appeal was denied on december 5 , 2007 , with the court writing , `` notwithstanding expensive and lengthy investigations on her disappearance and on people who could be involved , the file against the suspect does not contain direct indications that natalee passed away due to a violent crime '' .
greta van susteren , host of fox news ' on the record , and nancy grace on cnn 's headline news were among the most prominent television personalities to devote time to the incident .
van susteren 's almost continuous coverage of the story caused on the record to get its best ratings to date , while grace 's show became the cornerstone of the new `` headline prime '' block on headline news , which ran two episodes -lrb- a live show and a repeat -rrb- every night during prime-time .
however , jodi bearmanâ '' the chaperone who organized the tripâ '' has stated , `` the chaperones were not supposed to keep up with their every move '' .
the prosecution indicated it would not appeal .
every time one of these stories comes up , like , say , michael jackson , when it 's finally over i think , what a relief , now we can get back to real news .
at the australian grand prix he crashed into the wall at turn six , putting him out of the race .
upon further investigation by authorities , van der sloot was arrested twice on suspicion of involvement in her disappearance and the kalpoes were each arrested three times .
holloway , who had been scheduled to fly home later on may 30 , did not appear for her return flight .
although the movie set ratings records for lifetime , the movie was not received well by critic alec harvey of the birmingham news .
in addition , dompig has denied that any such statement was made , stating that van der sloot and the kalpoe brothers consistently denied having sex with holloway .
de vries stated that he would tell all on a special television program on dutch tv on february 3 .
early in the case , political commentator and columnist arianna huffington wrote , `` if you were to get your news only from television , you 'd think the top issue facing our country right now is an 18-year-old girl named natalee who went missing in aruba .
he crashed two laps from the end of the monaco grand prix whilst running in 10th place .
attorney ronald wix also stated , `` unless -lrb- mos -rrb- finds a body in the bathroom of one of these kids , there 's no way in hell they can arrest them anymore '' .
aruban law allows for arrest on serious suspicion from investigators ; to continue holding the suspect in custody , an increasing evidentiary burden must be met at periodic reviews .
the saturation of coverage triggered a backlash among some critics who argued that such extensive media attention validates the `` missing white woman syndrome '' theory , which argues that missing-person cases involving white skinned women and girls receive disproportionate attention in the media compared with cases involving white males or people of color .
the movie , which aired april 19 , 2009 , under the title `` natalee holloway '' , stars tracy pollan as beth holloway , grant show as george `` jug '' twitty , and amy gumenick as natalee holloway .
in november 2006 , nakajima was named a williams test driver for the 2007 season .
she has never released copies of the alleged statement , though she characterizes them as admissions of `` sexual assault '' and vinda de sousa , former hollowayâ `` twitty family aruban attorney , has indicated that no such admission was made .
on december 18 , 2007 , prosecutor hans mos officially declared the case closed , and that no charges would be filed due to lack of evidence .
on april 15 , 2006 geoffrey von cromvoirt was arrested by aruban authorities on suspicion of criminal offenses related to dealing in illegal narcotics that , according to the prosecutor , might have been related to the disappearance of holloway .
with aruban investigators citing what was described as newly discovered evidence , joran van der sloot and satish and deepak kalpoe were rearrested november 21 , 2007 , on suspicion of involvement in `` manslaughter and causing serious bodily harm that resulted in the death of holloway '' .
as the case wore on , much of the attention was given to beth twitty and her statements .
police commissioner gerold dompig , who would head the investigation from mid-2005 until 2006 , described the behavior of the mountain brook students , stating there was `` wild partying , a lot of drinking , lots of room switching every night .
van der sloot was seen smoking marijuana and stating that he was with holloway when she began convulsively shaking , then became unresponsive .
on may 17 , 2006 another suspect guido wever the son of a former aruban politician , was detained in the netherlands on suspicion of assisting in the abducting , battering , and killing of holloway .
according to teacher and chaperone bob plummer , the chaperones met with the students each day to ensure nothing was wrong .
toru irie -lrb- born 8 july 1977 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
creative arts awards winners who were recognized at the primetime telecast .
the 59th annual primetime emmy awards were held at the shrine auditorium in los angeles , california on september 16 , 2007 and were live on television on fox at 8:00 p.m. edt -lrb- 00:00 utc -rrb- for the first time in high definition -lrb- on tape delay three hours later on the west coast of the united states at 8:00 p.m. pdt\/3 :00 utc -rrb- .
pilot whales are two types of oceanic dolphins , whose scientific name is globicephala . the two types of pilot whales are the long-finned pilot whale and the short-finned pilot whale .
most judã o-arabic dialects were written in modified forms of the hebrew alphabet , often including consonant dots from the arabic alphabet to accommodate phonemes that did not exist in the hebrew alphabet .
some of the most important books of medieval jewish though were originally written in judaeo-arabic , as well as certain halakhic works and biblical commentary .
the younger sister of alyona bondarenko , she was born in kryvyi rih , ukraine , then part of the soviet union .
she plays right-handed and turned pro in 2000 .
kateryna volodymyrivna bondarenko -lrb- , born 8 august 1986 -rrb- is a professional female tennis player from ukraine and a doubles champion at australian open in 2008 .
at the end of a word , the same character represents an exclamation point .
though braille is thought to be the main way blind people read and write , in britain -lrb- for example -rrb- out of the reported 2 million visually impaired population , it is estimated that only around 15-20 thousand people use braille .
in japanese braille , alphabetic signs for a consonant and vowel are combined into a single syllabic block ; in korean braille , the consonants have different syllable-initial and syllable-final forms .
thus , when the contraction rules permit the same word in more than one way , preference is given to `` the contraction that more nearly approximates correct pronunciation . ''
braille saw the biggest problem of the code : the human finger can not feel the whole symbol without moving . this makes it impossible to move rapidly from one symbol to the next .
nakajima finished tenth in the race . he set the fifth fastest lap â `` quicker than his team-mate nico rosberg , who finished fourth .
for this reason almost all braille books use a transcription known as grade 2 braille . grade 2 braille uses contractions , which allows to save space and increase reading speed .
the additional dots are given the numbers 7 -lrb- for the lower-left dot -rrb- and 8 -lrb- for the lower-right dot -rrb- .
in 8 dot braille the additional dots are added at the bottom of the cell , giving a matrix 4 dots high by 2 dots wide .
however , at least two adaptations of braille have completely reassigned the latin sound values of the blocks .
when braille is adapted to languages which do not use the latin alphabet , the blocks are generally assigned to the new alphabet according to how it is transliterated into the latin alphabet , and the alphabetic order of the national script -lrb- and therefore the natural order of latin braille -rrb- is disregarded .
it is possible to transcribe braille by replacing each letter with its braille counterpart . this is usually known as grade 1 braille .
greetings may be different from culture to culture . these are some greetings used a lot in the english language :
braille with six dots is frequently stored as braille ascii .
braille uses cells of six raised dots , in two columns of three dots .
today , the system is used by blind people to read and write .
all 256 possible combinations of 8 dots are encoded by the unicode standard .
grade 2 braille uses contractions , which allows to save space and increase reading speed .
in addition , some portions of the transcription rules are not fully codified and rely on the judgment of the transcriber .
grade 3 braille is a system that includes many additional contractions . it is almost like a shorthand .
braille 's change was to use a 6 dot cell â '' the braille system â '' which revolutionized written communication for the blind .
for this reason almost all braille books use a transcription known as grade 2 braille .
braille is used with different languages today .
younger people are turning to electronic text on computers instead ; a more portable communication method that they can also use with their friends .
at the beginning of a word , this same character stands for the word `` to '' although the character is written in braille with no space following it .
for example , the character with dots 2-3-5 -lrb- the letter `` f '' lowered in the braille cell -rrb- stands for `` ff '' when used in the middle of a word .
braille can be made using a `` slate '' and a `` stylus '' in which each dot is created from the back of the page , writing in mirror image , by hand , or it may be produced on a braille typewriter or `` perkins brailler '' , or produced by a braille embosser attached to a computer .
8-dot braille has the advantages that the case of an individual letter is directly coded in the cell containing the letter and that all the printable ascii characters can be represented in a single cell .
for instance , the block for latin k represents old-style cantonese k -lrb- g in yale and other modern romanizations -rrb- when initial , but aak when final , while latin j represents cantonese initial j but final oei .
braille can be seen as the world 's first binary character encoding .
the current series of canadian banknotes have raised dots on the banknotes that indicate their value .
the contraction rules take into account the linguistic structure of the word ; thus , contractions are not to be used when their use would alter the usual braille form of a base word to which a prefix or suffix has been added .
keiju karashima -lrb- born 24 june 1971 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
cantonese braille is also based on latin braille for many of the initial consonants and simple vowels -lrb- based on romanizations of a century ago -rrb- , but the blocks pull double duty , with different values depending on whether they are placed in syllable-initial or syllable-final position .
sativa -lrb- miller -rrb- thell . , brassica eruca l. -rrb- , also known as arugula or rocket , is a plant that can be eaten .
cheeks are the area of the face under the eyes and between the nose and the ears .
in animals , markings on the cheek area -lrb- i.e. stripes\/spots -rrb- , often are features between species or individuals .
it is fleshy in humans and mammals , the skin being held up by the chin and the jaws , and making the wall of the human mouth , touching the cheekbone below the eye .
they are made of chopped pork and pork jelly sealed in a hot water crust pastry , and are most of the time eaten cold .
pork pies are a type of meat pie and are a common british food .
istanbul park , also known as the istanbul racing circuit or initially istanbul otodrom , is a motor sports racetrack in akfä rat county east of istanbul , turkey .
istanbul park is located in pendik district on the asian side of istanbul . it is close to the tem motorway -lrb- a highway -rrb- , that connects istanbul to ankara , the capital of turkey .
the producers of the album were insane clown posse and mike e. clark . the album was the third of the `` joker cards '' in the dark carnival mythology .
riddle box is the third studio album by american horrorcore band , insane clown posse . it was released on october 10 , 1995 .
all the members of this group develop into unbranched filaments , one cell thick , which grow longer through normal cell division .
most live in freshwater , and form an important component of the algal scum that grows on or near plants , rocks , and various debris .
the council of europe is not to be confused with the council of the european union or the european council , as it is a separate organization and not part of the european union .
one of its first successes was the european convention on human rights in 1950 , which serves as the basis for the european court of human rights .
the council of europe is an international organization of 47 member states in the european region . one of its first successes was the european convention on human rights in 1950 , which serves as the basis for the european court of human rights .
yuki nakashima -lrb- born 16 june 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for vegalta sendai .
given a decimal coordinate , two cardinal directions , and precision , render a coordinate in degrees\/minutes\/seconds .
`` this is the first thought , his image ; she became the womb of everything , for it is she who is prior to them all , the mother-father , the first man -lrb- anthropos -rrb- , the holy spirit , the thrice-male , the thrice-powerful , the thrice-named androgynous one , and the eternal aeon among the invisible ones , and the first to come forth . ''
other common names include lobster-claw , wild plantain and false bird-of-paradise .
it is named after alois alzheimer , who discovered the disease in 1906 .
alzheimer 's disease is not a normal part of aging .
he also wrote the tune for horatio spafford 's it is well with my soul .
linear cryptanalysis is one of the two most widely used attacks on block ciphers ; the other being differential cryptanalysis .
in cryptography , linear cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis based on finding affine approximations to the action of a cipher .
a variety of refinements to the attack have been suggested , including using multiple linear approximations or including non-linear expressions .
attacks have been developed for block ciphers and stream ciphers .
sainte-euph ã mie is a commune .
crennes-sur-fraub ã e is a commune of 178 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
as in the case of division of integers , the remainder could be required to be negative , that is , - d -lrb- r â 0 .
`` internal family '' -rrb- is a term in chinese martial arts , grouping those styles that practice ' -lrb- , lit .
the distinction dates to the 17th century , but its modern application is due to publications by sun lutang , dating to the period of 1915 to 1928 .
nã ijiä is a broad term used mistakenly in the west as a synonym for the more specific wç '' dä ngquã n styles , named for their association with the taoist monasteries of wudangshan range , hubei province in chinese popular legend .
`` internal strength '' -rrb- , usually translated as internal martial arts , occupied with spiritual , mental or qi-related aspects , as opposed to an `` external '' approach focused on physiological aspects .
windows defender , which used to be called microsoft antispyware , is a application made by microsoft .
takahiro endo -lrb- born 7 july 1968 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
zinc antimonide is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is znsb .
it has zinc and antimonide ions in it .
this foundation is used in a variety of areas , such as engineering , biology , medicine and social sciences .
types of systems science are systems theory , cybernetics and chaos theory , and all kinds of similar sciences .
pouillat is a commune .
jun kokubo -lrb- born 8 september 1980 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the verses of the story that were found -lrb- which is thought to be a small part of the original work -rrb- do not explain why the fight started , nor do they give the outcome of the battle .
the maccabees ' debut single , ` x-ray ' , was released on the promise record label on 28 november 2005 . it was played a little in the evenings on london radio station xfm london .
the song was about the wave machine at the band 's local latchmere leisure centre in battersea , south london . it was released on fierce panda records in april 2006 .
guitarist felix white was once in a band called ` jack 's basement ` with close friend and current solo artist jack peã ate , but he is not anymore .
their next album was released to positive reviews , and charted at # 24 .
even though the name has religious meaning , lead singer orlando weeks said that none of the band are religious in an interview on steve lamacq 's bbc radio 1 show .
the song first love was the maccabees ' first to chart in the uk top 40 . it was followed by ` about your dress ' , which charted at # 33 .
it is the second most compact cyclone in the world . tropical storm marco of the 2008 atlantic hurricane season had gale-force winds reaching only 19 k from the center .
after forming over the arafura sea , the tracy moved south and hit the city with category 4 winds on the australian cyclone scale . it is possible that it had reached category 3 on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale when it made landfall .
tracy killed 71 people , caused $ 837 million in damage -lrb- 1974 aud -rrb- and destroyed more than 70 % of darwin 's buildings , including 80 % of the houses .
bruce stannard of the age stated that cyclone tracy was a `` disaster ... without parallel in australia 's history . ''
they mainly serve hamburgers , cheeseburgers , chicken products , french fries , breakfast items , soft drinks , milkshakes and desserts .
the mcdonald 's mascot is ronald mcdonald .
mcdonald 's has been around since 1955 , when it was started by ray kroc in des plaines , illinois .
when you save the page , you 'll see the new link pointing to your page . if the page exists already , it is displayed in blue , empty pages are displayed in red .
mark kinsella -lrb- born 12 august 1972 -rrb- is a former irish football player .
the term is also used of the complete set of chromosomes in a species , or an individual organism .
it describes the number of chromosomes , and what they look like under a light microscope .
karyotypes may be studied to gather information about past evolutionary events , such as polyploidy .
attention is paid to their length , the position of the centromeres , any differences between the sex chromosomes , and any other physical characteristics .
there may , or may not , be sex chromosomes .
the preparation and study of karyotypes is part of cytogenetics -lrb- cytology and genetics -rrb- .
the chromosomes are depicted -lrb- by rearranging a microphotograph -rrb- in a standard format known as a karyogram or idiogram : in pairs , ordered by size and position of centromere for chromosomes of the same size .
in the the sex cells the chromosome number is n -lrb- humans : n = 23 -rrb- .
so , in normal diploid organisms , chromosomes are present in two copies .
the basic number of chromosomes in the somatic -lrb- body -rrb- cells of an individual or a species is called the somatic number and is designated 2n .
a karyotype is the number and appearance of chromosomes in the nucleus of a eukaryote cell .
polyploid cells have multiple copies of chromosomes and haploid cells have single copies .
mary lou retton is an italian-american gymnastics performer . retton was a gold medalist in the 1984 summer olympics .
yuki tazawa -lrb- born 16 july 1979 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
for example , the division of 42 by 5 can be expressed as either
newton built the first practical reflecting telescope in 1668 ; he also developed a theory of light based on the observation that a prism decomposes white light into the colors of the rainbow .
not all functions have inverse functions . finding the inverse of a function can be very difficult to do .
gymnos means naked .
during and after the american revolution , he was a minister -lrb- ambassador -rrb- to spain and france , helping to fashion american foreign policy and to secure favorable peace terms from the british and french .
his first attempt to pass emancipation legislation failed in 1777 and failed again in 1785 , but he succeeded in 1799 , signing the law that eventually emancipated the slaves of new york ; the last were freed before his death .
john jay -lrb- december 12 , 1745 â `` may 17 , 1829 -rrb- was an american politician , statesman , revolutionary , diplomat , a supreme court chief justice , and a founding father of the united states .
vernon was named one of the top six most desirable communities to retire to in north america by consumer reports in 2005 .
the congress decides whether fifa should accept new national associations and elects the president of fifa , its general secretary and the other members of fifa 's executive committee .
the most powerful organ of fifa is the fifa congress , which is an assembly made up of representatives from each member association .
in arithmetic , the result of the division of two integers usually can not be expressed with an integer quotient , unless a remainder -- an amount `` left over '' -- is also accepted .
the fã dã ration internationale de football association -lrb- french for international federation of association football -rrb- , or fifa for short , is the organization that controls international football -lrb- also called association football -rrb- .
the six confederations are afc -lrb- asian football confederation in asia and australia -rrb- , caf -lrb- confã dã ration africaine de football in africa -rrb- , concacaf -lrb- confederation of north , central american and caribbean association football in north america and central america -rrb- , conmebol -lrb- confederaciã n sudamericana de fã tbol in south america -rrb- , ofc -lrb- oceania football confederation in oceania -rrb- and uefa -lrb- union europã enne de football association in europe -rrb- .
fifa organizes major international football tournaments , and the most famous one is the fifa world cup , which has been held since 1930 .
the 1938 fifa world cup was a football -lrb- soccer -rrb- sporting event that was held in france in 1938 .
betrayal trauma is similar to post traumatic stress disorder . the difference is that post traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- is made by fear .
betrayal trauma happens when people that a person trust on has betrayed their trust , and it messes up their memory because of anger . an example of betrayal trauma is childhood physical or childhood problems .
betrayal trauma is similar to post traumatic stress disorder .
neuville-bourjonval is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
many of the cast have said that there will be a hannah montana movie .
he is best known for making the first working steam locomotive .
sir david frederick attenborough om , ch , cvo , cbe , frs , fzs , fsa -lrb- born 8 may 1926 in london , england -rrb- is a british naturalist and broadcaster , who works for the bbc .
in 2002-2003 , the biggest series of eruptions for many years threw up a huge column of ash that could easily be seen from space and fell as far away as libya , on the far side of the mediterranean sea .
the eruption also completely destroyed the rifugio sapienza , on the southern flank of the volcano .
other major twentieth century eruptions occurred in 1949 , 1971 , 1983 and 1992 , as well as the 2001 eruption .
the 1992 eruption saw the town of zafferana threatened by a lava flow , but successful diversion efforts saved the town with the loss of only one building a few hundred metres outside it .
in 1971 , it buried the etna observatory -lrb- built in the late 19th century -rrb- under lava .
seismic activity in this eruption caused the eastern flanks of the volcano to slip by up to two metres , and many houses on the flanks of the volcano got structural damage .
juan carlos ablanedo -lrb- born 2 september , 1963 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
the series stars miley cyrus as miley stewart . miley is a normal girl who is also a popstar named hannah montana .
as a child , he and his brother lech kaczyå ski starred in the 1962 polish movie the two who stole the moon `` o dwã ch takich , co ukradli ksiä å 1\/4 yc '' , based on a popular polish children 's story by kornel makuszyå ski .
jaroså aw kaczyå ski -lrb- born 18 june 1949 -rrb- is a polish politician .
giorgio chiellini -lrb- born 14 august 1984 -rrb- is an italian football player . he plays for juventus and italy national team .
some places have laws that make it illegal to use hate speech . countries such as canada , france and germany have stricter laws against hate speech than the united states , where hate speech is usually legal because its constitution says that people have freedom of speech .
the annecy international animation film festival -lrb- festival international du film d'animation d'annecy -rrb- was created in 1960 and takes place at the beginning of june in the town of annecy , france .
it is one of the four international animated film festivals sponsored by the association d'international du film d'animation -lrb- or asifa , the international animated film association -rrb-
the school was originally founded by william waynflete to educate the sixteen boy choristers of magdalen college , oxford who sang in the college 's chapel .
magdalen college school is an independent school for boys located on the edge of central oxford , england .
songieu is a commune .
william avery `` billy '' bishop -lrb- 8 february 1894 â `` 11 september 1956 -rrb- was a canadian flying ace from world war i. he won 72 fights , making him the top canadian flying ace .
in 1948 , when he was 21 , he took up a job as a journalist . two years later he moved to the capital of maharashtra , mumbai , to write scripts for marathi films .
in 1955 he took up a job in pune , in the rural programming department of the government 's all india radio -lrb- air -rrb- station .
the film will be released in cinemas on april 10 , 2009 .
in the brazilian grand prix moved to jacarepaguã in rio de janeiro . for and the race returning to interlagos .
the brazilian grand prix is a formula one championship race which occurs at the autã dromo josã carlos pace in interlagos , a district in the city of sã # o paulo , brazil .
haunted houses are common in gothic fiction , and are generally seen as old castles or creaky , old , abandoned houses .
renewable energy commercialization involves many different technologies , including solar photovoltaics , solar thermal power plants , solar heating and cooling systems , wind power , hydroelectricity , geothermal power , biomass , and ocean energy systems .
early in his career , satriani worked as a guitar instructor , and some of his former students have become famous with their guitar skills -lrb- steve vai , larry lalonde , kirk hammett , charlie hunter , kevin cadogan , alex skolnick -rrb- .
satriani has been a driving force in the music credited to other musicians throughout his career , as a founder of the ever-changing touring trio , g3 , as well as performing in various positions with other musicians .
joseph satriani -lrb- born july 15 , 1956 in westbury , new york -rrb- is an american musician who can play different instruments . however , he is most afmous for his work as an instrumental rock guitarist .
hugo sã nchez -lrb- born 11 july 1958 -rrb- is a former mexican football player .
nordausques is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
ceremonial oath was a swedish death metal band who started making music in 1989 when they called themselves `` desecrator '' and stopped in 1995 .
the golden gloves is the name given to competitions held every year for amateur boxing in the united states .
the golden gloves is often the term used to refer to the national golden gloves competition , but it can also mean a few other amateur tournaments , including regional golden gloves tournaments and other notable tournaments such as the intercity golden gloves , the chicago golden gloves , and the new york golden gloves .
the golden gloves is the name given to competitions held every year for amateur boxing in the united states . the golden gloves is often the term used to refer to the national golden gloves competition , but it can also mean a few other amateur tournaments , including regional golden gloves tournaments and other notable tournaments such as the intercity golden gloves , the chicago golden gloves , and the new york golden gloves .
there is also a silver gloves amateur tournament , which is for young amateur male boxers age 8 to 15 years old .
a college town , it is the home of the university of montevallo , a public liberal arts university with around 3000 students .
montevallo is a city in shelby county , alabama , united states . a college town , it is the home of the university of montevallo , a public liberal arts university with around 3000 students .
naoya tamura -lrb- born 20 november 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for vegalta sendai .
in old germanic , '' - ing '' is used to describe people as belonging to their leader ; so `` fucking '' means '' -lrb- place of -rrb- fockoâ s people . ''
furthermore it is the seat of the diocese of vã xjã .
emanuel pogatetz -lrb- born 16 january 1983 -rrb- is an austrian football player . he plays for hannover 96 in the german bundesliga and the austria national team .
this makes it easy for someone who plays the flute to play on the alto flute . the fingering for the note c on the flute will give a g on the alto flute .
the alto flute is a transposing instrument . this makes it easy for someone who plays the flute to play on the alto flute .
yuichi yoda -lrb- born 25 june 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
alcock was one of the leading pre-reformation churchman ; he was a man of deep learning and also a great architect .
vanilla ninja is a music group made up of four girls named lenna kuurmaa , katrin siska , piret jã rvis and ex - triinu kivilaan & maarja kivi the band has had some popular songs in europe and they were in the eurovision song contest in 2005 .
honda racing f1 , was a formula one motor racing team and constructor . honda f1 originally started in 1964 and were in f1 until 1968 when after the death of one of their drivers , honda decided to leave formula 1 .
cutting tools are tools designed to cut materials or objects .
rodrigo gral -lrb- born 21 february 1977 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
the song was made as a bonus track on adams compilation album so far so good .
the stern review on the economics of climate change is a 700-page report released on october 30 , 2006 by economist lord stern for the british government .
brok is in ostrowian county -lrb- head town of this region is ostrã w mazowiecka -rrb- .
the trading post is a homewares shop that won a tourism award for 2006 .
specimens can be seen in the age of fishes museum . this was built with support and funding from the australian museum .
other important buildings include the nursing home , the junction hotel , finn 's building , the victoria hotel , the former bank of nsw and the former cbc bank .
a territory -lrb- from the word ` terra ' , which means ` land ' -rrb- is an area which belongs to a person , organization , institution , animal or state .
more fossils were found in january 1993 using an excavator to dig down to the fossil layer . many fish were preserved in detail .
the royal hotel is on the site of another hotel owned by robinson . a sign on the wall says this was where ben hall 's gang had their party .
a road worker in 1956 found 360 million year old fish fossils . these were from the devonian period in the paleozoic era .
the fish found were two armored antiarch placoderms , remigolepis walkeri and bothriolepis yeungae . they also found canowindra grassi , a lobe-finned crossopterygian fish , with two rare young arthrodire placoderms , groenlandaspis species .
the town is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries .
some carrot cakes are even layered .
carrot cake is a sweet and moist spice cake , full of cut carrots and toasted nuts , and covered in cream cheese icing .
carrot cake is a sweet and moist spice cake , full of cut carrots and toasted nuts , and covered in cream cheese icing . one part of the cake is that the orange flakes of cut carrot give the cake color and texture , along with sweetness and moisture .
carrot cake may be eaten plain , but it is commonly either glazed or covered with white icing or cream cheese icing and walnuts , often cut .
they are popular in loaf , sheet cake and cupcake form , and -lrb- in the united kingdom as well as north america -rrb- can be found pre-packaged at grocery stores , and fresh at bakeries .
carrot cake more closely is a quick bread in method of preparation . all the wet ingredients , such as the eggs and sugar , are mixed together .
he wrote more than 100 mã lodies , many based on poems by verlaine .
other composers of mã lodie at the time include albert roussel , reynaldo hahn and andrã caplet .
the full chart lists the top 200 singles . these are judged by combined record sales and download numbers , though some media outlets only list the top 40 -lrb- such as the bbc -rrb- or the top 75 -lrb- such as music week magazine -rrb- of this list .
hector berlioz was the first composer to call some of his compositions mã lodies . his les nuits d' ã tã -lrb- 1841 -rrb- is one of the greatest of all song cycles .
mã lodies continue to be composed today , though perhaps the last really popular composer of them was francis poulenc , who died in 1963 .
the football league championship is the new name of the english first division .
kazushi isoyama -lrb- born 8 january 1975 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
issei takayanagi -lrb- born 14 september 1986 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
in both hindu and tibetan buddhist traditions there are 84 mahasiddhas .
one of the most loved mahasiddhas is virupa , who is a saint of the sakyapa sect .
it is the second movie in the indiana jones movie series and the prequel to raiders of the lost ark.
indiana jones and the temple of doom is a 1984 movie starring harrison ford and directed by steven spielberg .
around 6,500 uk stores help with sales data , as well as most uk online digital download stores .
the deinonychosauria -lrb- `` fearsome claw lizards '' -rrb- is a clade of theropods in the late jurassic and cretaceous periods .
rinxent is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
live from le cabaret is a hit live studio album by rock-pop band maroon 5 . the album was exclusively released on itunes store on july 8th of 2008 .
tells a story about a boy named oblio , who is the only round-headed person in a land full of people and animals with pointed heads . banished to the pointless forest for not conform to what is `` normal '' , oblio and his dog arrow -lrb- whose head was pointed , but he was still loyal to oblio -rrb- meet many different people , and come to learn that everything and everyone indeed has a `` point '' ; a purpose for being what they are .
a london production of the play reunited former monkees micky dolenz and davy jones , who were also friends of nilsson 's .
banished to the pointless forest for not conform to what is `` normal '' , oblio and his dog arrow -lrb- whose head was pointed , but he was still loyal to oblio -rrb- meet many different people , and come to learn that everything and everyone indeed has a `` point '' ; a purpose for being what they are .
there are over 36 versions of tamagotchi , including those in 1996 .
vã inã mã inen was also a god .
archipelagoes are often volcanic , forming along mid-ocean ridges or hotspots , but there are many other processes involved in their construction , including erosion , deposition , and land elevation .
archipelagos are usually found in the open sea ; less commonly , a big land mass may neighbor them , an example being scotland which has more than 700 islands surrounding the mainland .
in 1986 the old metropolitan county councils were abolished by the local government act 1985 and most of their functions were given to the boroughs , so they are to a large extent unitary authorities .
the french wikipedia -lrb- in french : wikipã dia francophone or wikipã dia en franã ais -rrb- is the french language edition of wikipedia , spelled wikipã dia .
hummer was first made by am general who also made vehicles used by the united states army . the design of the hummer h1 is based on the military high mobility multipurpose wheeled vehicle -lrb- hmmwv â `` humvee -rrb- .
montedio yamagata is a football club which plays in japan .
mario basler -lrb- born 18 december 1968 -rrb- is a former german football player .
io is a retrograde rotator , with its pole pointing towards one of ecliptic coordinates -lrb- î , î '' -rrb- = -lrb- -45 â , 105 â -rrb- or -lrb- -15 â , 295 â -rrb- with a 10 â uncertainty -lrb- 1 -rrb- .
the new metropolitan boroughs replaced the county boroughs , municipal boroughs and urban and rural districts which existed before .
beugin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
during the period of danish rule in the 11th century a standing fleet was maintained by taxation , and this continued for a time under the restored english regime of edward the confessor , who frequently commanded fleets in person .
the professional head of the naval service is the first sea lord .
full command of the royal navy is the job of commander-in-chief fleet -lrb- cincfleet -rrb- . the purpose of cincfleet is to provide ships , submarines and commando forces for military and diplomatic jobs as needed by the government .
cincfleet command headquarters are in portsmouth ; operational headquarters are at northwood , middlesex .
privately-owned ships combined with the navy royal in highly profitable raids against spanish commerce and colonies.238-53 , 281-6 , 292-6 in 1588 philip ii of spain sent the spanish armada against england to stop english support for the dutch rebels , to stop english pirate activity , and to depose elizabeth . the spaniards sailed from lisbon , planning to escort an invasion force from the spanish netherlands .
the royal navy has 90 ships including aircraft carriers , submarines , minesweepers and patrol vessels as well as the ships of the royal fleet auxiliary .
he became bishop of rochester on 15 march , bishop of worcester on 15 july 1476 and of ely on 6 october 1486 .
some of the functions of the abolished county councils were taken over by joint bodies such as passenger transport authorities , and joint fire , police and waste disposal authorities .
the strength of the fleets of the united kingdom of england was an important element in the kingdom 's power in the 10th century .
he is a member of the defense council and the admiralty board .
at one point aethelred ii had an especially large fleet built by a national levy of one ship for every 310 hides of land , but it is uncertain whether this was a standard or exceptional model for raising fleets .
the naval service is made up of the royal navy , royal marines , royal fleet auxiliary and reserve forces .
opel vectra was a car produced by the german carmaker opel from 1988 through 2008 , and branded as opel in europe -lrb- except for gb -rrb- , south africa , china , singapore , japan , taiwan , vauxhall in great britain , holden in australia and in new zealand , and chevrolet in latin america , thailand , indonesia , philippines , depending on the market .
a metropolitan borough -lrb- or metropolitan district -rrb- is a type of local government district in england and covers urban areas within metropolitan counties .
burt lancaster -lrb- november 2 , 1913 - october 20 , 1994 -rrb- , was an american actor and director .
crude tankers move large quantities of unrefined crude oil from its point of extraction to refineries .
an oil tanker , also known as a petroleum tanker , is a ship made for the bulk transport of oil .
there are two basic types of oil tankers : the crude tanker and the product tanker .
gone with the wind . ''
the title takes its name from the lines an ernest dowson poem : `` i have forgot much , cynara !
a permutation can be changed into another permutation by simply switching two or more of the objects . for example , the way four people can sit in a car is a permutation .
keidran jones -lrb- born 1987 -rrb- , better known by his stage name iyaz , is a singer and rapper .
his song `` replay '' reached number two on the billboard hot 100 in 2009 .
aimã jacquet -lrb- born 27 november 1941 -rrb- is a former french football player . he has played for france national team .
a square foot is a way to measure area . it is the area made by a square that has 1 foot sides .
the total of all mobile genetic elements in a genome may be referred to as the mobilome .
barbara mcclintock was awarded the 1983 nobel prize in physiology or medicine `` for her discovery of mobile genetic elements '' .
mobile genetic elements -lrb- mge -rrb- are a type of dna that can move around within the genome .
it was founded in 1878 .
please do not use styles that are unusual or hard to understand in articles .
ultimate fighting championship -lrb- ufc -rrb- is a u.s.-based mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- organization , currently seen as the largest mma promotion in the world .
it is based on the true story of juana maria , the `` lone woman of san nicolas '' , a native american woman left alone for 18 years on san nicolas island off the california coast before being rescued in 1853 .
montluel is a commune .
the word zen is translated from the chinese word chã n.
she has also made appearances on shows such as oliver beene , six feet under , the guardian , and general hospital .
gribbles , shipworms and bacteria decompose the wood and gradually turn it into nutrients that are reintroduced to the food web .
amanda joy `` aj '' michalka -lrb- born april 10 , 1991 -rrb- is an american singer and actress from torrance , california , usa .
she has also appeared with her sister in the mtv movie , super sweet 16 : the movie .
telepathy , taken from the greek ï î î '' î , tele meaning `` distant '' and ï î î î î î , patheia meaning `` to be affected by '' , , is the ability that is believed to allow people to speak to other people through thought .
atmospheric pressure is measured in hpa . the higher the place is , the lower the atmospheric pressure is there .
many people use driftwood as parts of decorative furniture or other art forms , and it is a popular element in the scenery of fish tanks .
how to grow a woman from the ground is a 2006 album by chris thile , who made the album with the how to grow a band , credited to chris thile .
iâ ve always been able to talk to girls , but iâ m scared of them .
a few days later , the group met again â to drop a ton of money , drink too much wine , eat steaks , and -lrb- talk -rrb- about our failed relationshipsâ .
the bass player thile was looking for turned out to be greg garrison , a friend of noam pikelny . before this , pikelny had played with garrison in the band leftover salmon .
for a side project away from his band nickel creek , chris thile knew he wanted to form a five-piece string band that featured mandolin , violin , banjo , acoustic guitar , and double bass . thile also wanted the band to feature his friend and fiddle player gabe witcher , but didnâ t know what kind of band he wanted it to be .
according to norse mythology , the first humans , ask and embla , were formed out of two pieces of driftwood , an ash and an elm , by the god odin and his brothers , ve and vili .
it was released on september 12 , 2006 .
â much of thile 's work on the album was inspired by his divorce , and thile said that he could relate to the title of the album , a tom brosseau song .
the shakuhachi -rcb- -rcb- is a japanese flute which is played vertically -lrb- up-down -rrb- like a recorder , instead of horizontally -lrb- from side to side -rrb- like the western transverse flute .
originally , it supported up to 64 kb of main memory . it was command-line based , and came before ms-dos .
driftwood carried by arctic rivers was the main , or sometimes only , source of wood for some inuit and other arctic populations living north of the tree-line until they came into regular contact with european traders .
it was written in 520 bce .
the couple has a son , jaden rayne boreanaz , who was born on may 1 , 2002 .
david boreanaz was born on may 16th , 1969 in buffalo , new york . he grew up in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
he was married to ingrid quinn from june 7 , 1997 to october 1999 . he married actress and model jaime bergman on november 24 , 2001 .
boreanaz 's only starring role in a major theatrical movie was in 2001 's slasher horror movie , valentine . this movie also starred denise richards and katherine heigl .
david paul boreanaz -lrb- born may 16 , 1969 -rrb- is an american actor . he is best known for his role on the television series buffy the vampire slayer and angel .
boreanaz ' first television acting job was a single episode on the hit american sitcom , married ... with children . he played kelly 's biker boyfriend .
in 2003 , he appeared in the music video for singer dido 's `` white flag '' . he was also the voice of leon -lrb- aka squall leonhart -rrb- in the video game kingdom hearts .
the absence of dinosaur genera from this time is because few fossils have been discovered , and almost certainly not because europe contained few types of dinosaurâ '' except , perhaps , immediately after the triassicâ `` jurassic extinction event .
by the start of the jurassic period , some 30 million years later , the supercontinent began to split into laurasia and gondwana .
as the timeline below illustrates , there are substantial gaps in our knowledge from the rest of the mesozoic .
dinosaurs evolved partway through the triassic period of the mesozoic era , around 230 ma -lrb- million years ago -rrb- .
driftwood can become the foundation for sand dunes .
assenede is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
he became president of the federal council in 2009 , and as such , he was acting head of state -lrb- 31 may - 30 june 2010 -rrb- following the resignation of german president horst kã hler .
since 2005 , he has served as the president of the senate and mayor of the free hanseatic city of bremen , that is , the head of government of the city-state of bremen .
he is a lawyer by profession and served as a judge in bremen from 1978 to 1995 , when he became a full-time politician .
it is a bird of large inland and coastal waters , especially shallow lakes .
this period ended in 1573 . in that year the 15th and the last shogun named ashikaga yoshiaki was forced to go out of the capital .
wiwaxia corrugata is an extinct species of animal known only from fossils found in canada 's burgess shale deposits .
robert tear -lrb- barry , glamorgan , wales on 8 march 1939 - 29 march 2011 -rrb- was a welsh tenor and conductor .
as a singer tear was especially known for his singing of the music of british composers benjamin britten and tippett .
yuki kaneko -lrb- born 29 may 1982 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
there were attempts to mutiny in 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention .
the demonstration was held to demand the release of two popular leaders of the indian independence movement , satya pal and saifuddin kitchlew , who had been earlier arrested on account of their protests .
the russian revolution had also started to influence india .
the events that followed the rowlatt act in 1919 were also influenced by the events linked to the ghadar conspiracy .
news of young mohajirs who fought on behalf of the turkish caliphate and later for the red army during the russian civil war was also beginning to reach india .
at the time , british indian army troops were returning from the battlefields of europe and mesopotamia to an economic depression in india .
indian soldiers smuggled arms into india to overthrow british rule .
james houssemayne du boulay is said to have ascribed a direct relationship between the fear of a ghadarite uprising in the midst of an increasingly tensed situation in punjab , and the british response that ended in the massacre .
the violence continued to increase , and resulted in the deaths of at least 5 europeans , including government employees and civilians .
in 1916 , the indian national congress and the muslim league signed the lucknow pact .
general augusto josã ramã n pinochet ugarte -lrb- november 25 , 1915 â `` december 10 , 2006 -rrb- was a chilean army general and president who led chile from 1973 to 1990 .
landes-sur-ajon is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
because police snipers do not always perform the same tasks as military snipers , police snipers are sometimes known as `` marksmen '' .
decent people wo n't believe too many angry remarks that others say about you .
most of the time , a sniper rifle has a telescope called a sniper scope to help the sniper see the target .
tteok is a korean traditional rice cake which is made of rice flour by kneading it with water .
those articles should be avoided , abandoned , as areas of continual confrontation , at least for a few weeks or months .
the philosopher ludwig wittgenstein first applied the term to propositional logic in 1921 .
japanese regional leagues is a football league which is fourth division in japan .
muhsin musabah -lrb- born 1 october 1964 -rrb- is a former united arab emirati football player .
falun gong -lrb- also known as falun dafa -rrb- is a spiritual discipline from china .
it was founded by li hongzhi in 1992 . people who follow falun gong do five exercises and read books written by li hongzhi .
plus , even a small percentage , of users , is a considerable number of difficult users .
they believe in `` truthfulness , compassion and forbearance '' , and they also believe that the falun gong exercises can make them healthy , and better people .
in 1999 , after a big falun gong gathering in front of a chinese government building , the communist party of china said : people can not practice falun gong , it is `` illegal '' . the police started arresting falun gong followers , and according to human rights organizations , over 3000 people has been jailed and tortured to death .
in 1999 , after a big falun gong gathering in front of a chinese government building , the communist party of china said : people can not practice falun gong , it is `` illegal '' .
madurai always considered to be a good pilgrim center . tourists from various part of the country and world are coming to madurai and enjoying a historical excellence .
countries bordering panama are costa rica in the northwest and colombia in the southeast .
most lizards rely heavily on body language , using specific postures , gestures and movements to define territory , resolve disputes , and entice mates .
simple wikipedia has roughly thousand registered users , so if the vast bulk of people were jerks , then every article would be totally trashed , and every user-page would be filled with warring insults added by everyone else .
its official name is the republic of panama , and it is most famous for the panama canal .
panama is between the caribbean sea and the pacific ocean .
the many islands of the archipiã lago de bocas del toro , near the beaches of costa rica , made an extensive natural roadstead and shield for the port of almirante .
however , cristã bal , at the caribbean terminus of the canal , had the only important port facilities in the late 1980s .
blanchard is a city of iowa in the united states .
gouy-en-ternois is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the actinides are the 14 chemical elements that are between actinium and lawrencium in the periodic table .
they are all metals .
small organic particles are moved into the mouth by the tube feet .
ophiuroids may also prey on small crustaceans or worms .
born in tbilisi , georgia -lrb- ruled at that time by imperial russia -rrb- to an armenian family , rouben relocated to england and started directing plays in london in 1922 .
consequently , they are encountered , every few days , and even though rare , they know how to be difficult .
atsushi natori -lrb- born 12 november 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
shortly after the marriage , the oldest of neeltje 's daughters had a child of her own , and so at only 23 years old dorus became known as `` opa '' in den helder where he lived .
on the basis of his reputation , he was granted the position of coxswain upon joining the nzhrm without having to prove his qualifications .
the helden der zee fonds ` dorus rijkers ' -lrb- dorus rijkers fund for the heroes of the sea -rrb- was created after dorus ' plight and that of other retired life-savers were chronicled in ` het vaderland ' .
he claimed that he had been forced to sell the gold medal of honor in order to buy himself a bicycle .
so it is not a real problem , like it might be in live social settings , where typically , insults must be backed by some real facts to convince others .
dorus and all of his crew members received a sum for each trial and each service .
while at sea , he saved all 25 crew members of the barque australia from drowning at sea .
at the end of his career , although he remained active , his role became more symbolic in nature .
in 1888 , dorus rijkers met king william iii of the netherlands after rescuing sailors from the german barque renown .
he had married neeltje huisman , a fisherman 's widow who already had 6 children .
the king gave dorus a gold medal of honor and smoked a pipe with him .
the vast majority of wikipedia articles are written by normal people , with healthy attitudes , and common courtesy .
there is a very large statue in honor of all the netherlands sea-rescuers , opened in 1935 .
during his nearly 30 years service with the nzhrm , dorus saved hundreds of people from drowning at sea , becoming legendary long before his retirement .
dorus gained most of his fame as a result of his service to the noord - en zuid-hollandsche redding maatschappij -lrb- nzhrm -rrb- , one of the two main dutch lifeboat-societies at the time .
in the waters where he served , he saved such large number of people with such effectiveness that the survival statistics increased dramatically .
although dorus joined the nzhrm as a volunteer , he worked so many hours that it precluded him from taking on other paid work .
theodorus `` dorus '' rijkers -lrb- january 28 1847 â `` april 19 1928 -rrb- was a famous dutch lifeboat captain and folk hero , he is most famous for his sea rescues of 487 shipwrecked victims over a total of 38 rescue operations and at least 25 before joining the lifeboat-service .
in 2000 , a special section of the proceedings of the national academy of sciences -lrb- pnas -rrb- was devoted to evo-devo , and an entire 2005 issue of the journal of experimental zoology part b : molecular and developmental evolution was devoted to the key evo-devo topics of evolutionary innovation and morphological novelty .
stephen jay gould called this approach to explaining evolution as terminal addition ; as if every evolutionary advance was added as new stage by reducing the duration of the older stages .
haeckel 's concept explained , for example , why humans , and indeed all vertebrates , have gill slits and tails early in embryonic development .
evolutionary developmental biology interprets development in the light of evolution .
the idea was based on observations of neoteny .
in on the origin of species -lrb- 1859 -rrb- , charles darwin proposed evolution through natural selection , a theory central to modern biology .
many famous people have lived in whittier , including richard nixon , who attended whittier high and was a lawyer in the bank of america building .
hisato satå -lrb- born 12 march 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima and japan national team .
even though they are few , when perhaps 5 people gang up and spew vitriol onto a new user , it gives the intense illusion , as one person concluded : `` the inmates are running the asylum '' .
it is about 6 kilometres in diameter , and orbits saturn at an average distance of 24,505,000 km in 1432 days at an inclination of 168 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 152 â to saturn 's equator -rrb- with an eccentricity of 0.186 .
it was named in april 2007 , after fornjã t , a storm giant from norse mythology , father of ã gir , kã ri , and loge .
ø ø ù ø ø ù -rrb- born -lrb- november 9 , 1877 â `` april 21 , 1938 -rrb- was a muslim poet , philosopher and politician born in sialkot , british india -lrb- now in pakistan -rrb- . he wrote poetry in urdu and persian languages .
luis dos santos luz -lrb- born 29 november , 1909 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
dong fangzhuo -lrb- born 23 january 1985 -rrb- is a chinese football player .
if people really cared about that , then certainly all difficult users would have been banned for their reputations , many years ago , banned from the wiki-solar system long ago .
the zephyr song is a song on their by the way album by the red hot chili peppers .
it is common practice to include a link to your user page or user talk page -lrb- often both -rrb- ; the default signature links to the user page .
simple text signatures , which are stored along with the page content and use no more resources than the comments themselves , avoid these problems .
posting many links to one website is strongly discouraged on wikipedia .
it is common practice to include a link to your user page or user talk page -lrb- often both -rrb- ; the default signature links to the user page . at least one of those two pages must be linked from your signature , to allow other editors to find your talk page and changes log easily .
it is better to put information on your user page , rather than in your signature .
for example , see : en : user : î î ï î î î î î î 1\/4 î who is redirected from : en : user : paradigma and signs as î î ï î î î î î î 1\/4 î \/ paradigma .
judit polgã r -lrb- born 23 july 1976 -rrb- is a hungarian chess grandmaster . she is by far the strongest female chess player in history , p312 yet she has never played in the women 's world chess championship .
again , the interactions with difficult users can be so unpleasant that many people have quit .
she is by far the strongest female chess player in history , p312 yet she has never played in the women 's world chess championship .
according to chess rules , once a player has released a piece s\/he can not make a different move , so kasparov should have been made to play his original move .
in 1994 judit suffered a controversial defeat at the hands of then-world champion garry kasparov , the highest-rated chessplayer of all time .
in 1997 , videogamespot.com became videogames.com for a short time . afterward in 1998 , videogames.com and gamespot.com joined together to become a single site .
it might be tempting to try to reform the difficult users .
furtwã ngler gave the most famous concert of his career in 1951 .
furtwã ngler gave many successful concerts after the war .
most people have simply decided to ignore those difficult users and , also , ignore the veiled insults or other mud thrown at wiki-reputations .
today engineering industries and services form the largest part of economy in rheine .
in the end of thirty years ' war the city burned down almost completely .
jerseyville is a city of illinois in the united states .
they would do the maintenance of tracks , trains , signals , civil work and stations .
on 27 may 2008 , the company was transferred back into public ownership under the authority of transport for london .
from 18 july 2007 to 26 may 2008 , the company was in administration and had to be bailed out by the government .
they have a history of being difficult , so they 've had a lot of practice , and know all the tricks to upsetting people .
metronet rail was the brand of a partnership within the london underground group . the group was responsible for the maintenance and upgrade of the infrastructure on nine london underground lines .
the other half of the earth is the water hemisphere .
alexei nikolayevich kosygin -lrb- , aleksej nikolajeviä kosygin ; 21 february 1904 â `` 18 december 1980 -rrb- was a soviet-russian man who was premier of the soviet union .
crochet is a way of creating fabric from yarn or thread using a crochet hook to pull loops of yarn through other loops .
also , crochet can not be made by machine . crochet uses more yarn than knitting but is faster to make by hand .
it is similar to knitting , except that usually only one loop is active at one time , and that a crochet hook is used instead of knitting needles . also , crochet can not be made by machine .
craig william levein -lrb- born 22 october 1964 in dunfermline -rrb- is a scottish former professional footballer and current football manager .
during his playing career he played for cowdenbeath f.c. , heart of midlothian and won 16 caps for the scotland national team .
yuki maki -lrb- born 26 june 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the vehicles were marketed under dodge .
this was before 1979 , beginning in which year these vehicles would be renamed as dodge ram .
a moderate amount of personal discussion , with those users , could be considered as beneficial to wikipedia .
iraq national football team is the national football team of iraq .
she has also written music for young people such as lights and shadows -lrb- 1989 -rrb- which includes childrenâ s choir , recorder group and lots of percussion .
diana has written other orchestral works including concertos for viola , flute and clarinet , an opera the albatross -lrb- 1997 -rrb- , lots of choral works and chamber music .
another orchestral work has a long title in german : das meer so gross und weit ist da wimmelts ohne zahlgrosse kleine tiere -lrb- the sea is so big and wide and swarming with numerous little animals -rrb- .
each veiled insult , or slur , against your wiki-reputation can be given an easy spin , with follow-on wording that focuses on a strongly positive view about each comment .
she started her career as a viola player , but soon she started to become well-known for her compositions and became a full-time composer .
the argument of periapsis -lrb- ï -rrb- is the orbital element describing the angle of an orbiting body 's periapsis -lrb- the point of closest approach to the central body -rrb- , relative to its ascending node -lrb- the point where the body crosses the plane of reference from south to north -rrb- .
a dull veiled insult , obviously intended to scar your reputation -lrb- in writing -rrb- , is reformed into a 100x times greater compliment , to all who later see the entry .
-lrb- for specific types of orbits , words such as `` perihelion '' -lrb- for sun-centered orbits -rrb- , `` perigee '' -lrb- for earth-centered orbits -rrb- , `` pericenter '' -lrb- general -rrb- , etc. may replace the word `` periapsis '' .
the name recalls the 1928 novel belle de jour by joseph kessel and the 1967 movie , belle de jour , starring catherine deneuve , directed by luis buã uel .
belle de jour is said to be the pen name of a former london call girl . under this name she maintains a successful blog , belle de jour : diary of a london call girl which by 2003 had been selected by the guardian as its blog of the year and has had two books published in both the uk and us
in french `` belle de jour '' means `` beauty of -lrb- the -rrb- day , '' as opposed to `` femme de nuit '' or `` belle de nuit , '' women of the night -lrb- common references to prostitutes -rrb- .
it replaced both the fiat tempra and the fiat croma in 1996 , and were replaced by the fiat stilo multi wagon in 2002 .
musical instruments used in early music , i.e. medieval , renaissance , and baroque european classical music , especially those instruments no longer widely used today .
outside academia , tobin became widely known for his suggestion of a tax on foreign exchange transactions , now known as the `` tobin tax '' .
he advocated and developed the ideas of keynesian economics .
he also suggested that the money gained from the tax could be used to fund projects for the benefit of third world countries , or to support the united nations .
tobin 's academic work included pioneering contributions to the study of investment , monetary and fiscal policy and financial markets .
at the end of your messages on talk pages , please sign your name by typing four tildes -lrb- '' ~ ~ ~ ~ '' -rrb- .
feel free to write a note on the bottom of my talk page if you want to get in touch with me .
gresham street , is a street in the city of london , it is named after thomas gresham and runs from st. martin 's le grand near st paul 's cathedral in the west , past guildhall , to lothbury in the east .
people who have klinefelter 's syndrome are often called `` xxy males '' , or `` 47 , xxy males '' .
klinefelter 's syndrome , 47 , xxy , or xxy syndrome is when people have an extra number of x chromosomes .
electronic commerce more well known as e-commerce , consists of the buying or selling of products via electronic means such as the internet or other electronic services .
brazil national football team is the national football team of brazil .
wwe vintage collection is a professional wrestling television program from world wrestling entertainment highlighting action from the wwe video library .
however , soon , some of those users will likely `` archive '' your comment topics -lrb- as being old topics -rrb- from the active talk-page , further denying your voice about the article .
saipan -lrb- ipa : -lrb- saé ` pã n -rrb- , -lrb- saé ` pé ` n -rrb- , or -lrb- ` saé pã n -rrb- in english -rrb- is the largest island and capital of the united states commonwealth of the northern mariana islands -lrb- cnmi -rrb- , a chain of 15 tropical islands which are part of the marianas archipelago in the western pacific ocean -lrb- 15 â 10 â 51 â n , 145 â 45 â 21 â e -rrb- with a total area of 115.39 kmâ -lrb- 44.55 sq mi -rrb- . the 2000 census population was 62,392 .
population sans doubles comptes is a phrase in french that means population without double counting in english .
in france , because of the census , the insee has allowed people who live in one place and study in a different place to be counted twice , so as to show how the population moves .
friedrich dã 1\/4 rrenmatt -lrb- january 5th 1921 in konolfingen ; â december 14th 1990 in neuenburg\/neuch ã cents tel -rrb- was a writer and philosopher from switzerland .
in 1946 he published his first written work . one year later he married the actress lotti geissler .
each high court registry is headed by a legally trained registrar to give administrative and legal support for the working of the high court .
instead , just keep a private list , off-line from wikipedia , so that when the names of difficult users re-appear , you can review their infamous antics of the past , and take evasive action .
the eastern caribbean supreme court -lrb- ecsc -rrb- is a higher court for the organisation of eastern caribbean states -lrb- oecs -rrb- , including six independent states : antigua and barbuda , the commonwealth of dominica , grenada , saint kitts and nevis , saint lucia , saint vincent and the grenadines and three british overseas territories -lrb- anguilla , british virgin islands , and montserrat -rrb- .
in grenada , the court is called `` the supreme court of grenada and the west indies associated states '' .
the ecsc was set up in 1967 by the west indies associated states supreme court order no. 223 of 1967 .
the headquarters of the ecsc is in the heraldine rock building , waterfront , castries , saint lucia .
the building houses the justices of appealâ s chambers , the court of appeal registry , the judicial education institute , library , and the administrative services .
30 % of the world sugar production is from sugar beets .
sugar beets are grown for sugar .
now , remember , that several users might just be copy-catting bad behavior , so the first impressions , of how people behave , are somewhat misleading .
this can be made into sugar . sugar beets are grown for sugar .
sugar beet is a plant . its roots contain a high amount of sucrose .
this can be made into sugar .
sugar beet is a plant .
the biggest producers of sugar beet are the european union , the united states and russia .
gert engels -lrb- born 26 april 1957 -rrb- is a german football manager .
because of the hugely wonderful , over-the-top positive wording , those spins have a second benefit of laughing away the insults , which were not just undone , but thoroughly trounced , beaten down 100 times , by the overly-positive wording of the enthusiastic spin .
play ltd. , also known as play.com is a jersey-based online retailer of dvds , cds , books , gadgets , video games , drm-free mp3 downloads , and other electronic products , as well as clothes and accessories .
verjon is a commune .
leubringhen is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
tommy lee jones -lrb- born september 15 , 1946 -rrb- is an american actor and director .
paulo henrique miranda -lrb- born 21 february 1972 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
roh tae-woo -lrb- born december 4 , 1932 in daegu , south korea -rrb- , is the sixth president of south korea -lrb- 1988 â `` 1993 -rrb- .
both were released from prison in early 1998 , pardoned by then-president kim dae-jung .
in 1993 , roh 's successor kim young-sam led an anti-corruption campaign that saw roh and chun doo-hwan on trial for bribery .
chun was sentenced to death , later changed to life imprisonment . roh 's 22 1\/2 - year jail sentence was reduced to 17 years .
kendrick is a city of idaho in the united states .
ida grove is a city of iowa in the united states .
tramecourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the movie the secret policeman 's other ball was a successful release for miramax in the summer of 1982 .
miramax films is a american motion picture distribution and production company . it was headquartered in new york , new york before being bought out by the walt disney company .
it was created by the brothers harvey and bob weinstein in buffalo , new york in 1979 . the name comes from combining the first names of their parents max and miriam .
the company also made movies such as pulp fiction and shakespeare in love
the miramax name stayed with the movie studio owned by disney .
the weinsteins started a new movie production company titled the weinstein company and took the dimension movies label with them .
on march 30 , 2005 , disney and the weinsteins said that they would not renew their contract when their current one expired at the end of september 2005 .
miramax also has a family films division , miramax family films .
however , disney had the final say on what miramax could release .
it would be unethical to use wikipedia outside the stated policies of the wikimedia foundation , even when following good intentions .
buena vista motion pictures group took control of miramax , which will have a smaller annual production budget .
it is currently run by daniel battsek .
among the company 's most well known movies as distributors were the crying game , sex , lies , and videotape , tie me up !
the company became one of the leaders of the independent film revolution of the 1990s .
in 1952 , congress passed the smokey bear act , an act of congress , was passed to remove the character from the public domain and place it under the control of the secretary of agriculture .
according to richard earle , author of the art of cause marketing , the smokey bear campaign is recognized one of the most powerful and lasting of all public service advertising .
you will have won , completely , and avoided the insulting words of the difficult users .
the living symbol of smokey bear was an american black bear who , in the spring of 1950 , was caught in the capitan gap fire , a wildfire that burned 17000 a in the capitan mountains of new mexico . the cub was in the lincoln national forest .
the bear was named `` smokey '' after `` smokey '' joe martin , a new york city fire department hero who suffered burns and blindness during a brave 1922 rescue .
though the us forest service fought wildfires long before world war ii , the war made doing it even more important .
smokey bear -lrb- also sometimes called smokey the bear -rrb- is a mascot of the united states forest service .
the message underneath reads , `` smokey says â `` care will prevent 9 out of 10 forest fires ! ''
in the poster , smokey was wearing jeans and a `` forest ranger 's hat '' -lrb- a campaign hat -rrb- , pouring a bucket of water on a campfire .
however , japan saw wildfires as a possible weapon .
the character became a big part of american popular culture in the 1950s .
but they have n't ; instead , troublesome users are generally ignored , and so are their angry remarks about your wiki-reputation .
the forest service began using colorful posters to teach americans about the dangers of forest fires .
smokey had climbed a tree to get away from the fire , but his paws and hind legs had been burned .
the fictional character smokey bear is run by three groups : the united states forest service , the national association of state foresters , and the ad council smokey bear 's name and image are protected by u.s. federal law , the smokey bear act of 1952 -lrb- 16 u.s.c. 580 -lrb- p-2 -rrb- ; 18 u.s.c. 711 -rrb- .
also in 1944 , forest service worker rudy wendelin became the full time campaign artist ; he was considered smokey bear 's `` caretaker '' until he retired in 1973 .
a bridge on a string instrument is something that stands on the body of the instrument and supports the strings . it sends the vibrations of the strings to the main part of the instrument so that the sound can be heard .
tyra banks -lrb- born december 4 , 1973 -rrb- is a popular supermodel .
jetstar airways is a low-cost airline established by qantas to counter the expansion of virgin blue in australia .
in 2003 qantas bought the bankrupt impulse airlines , and established jetstar as a low-cost domestic subsidiary .
on 1 december , 2005 she started flying to 1st international airport in christchurch , new zealand .
lino marzoratti -lrb- born 12 october 1986 -rrb- is an italian football player .
grubbs received the 2005 nobel prize in chemistry , along with richard r. schrock and yves chauvin , for his work in the field of olefin metathesis .
his main interest is for organometallic chemistry and organic chemistry . these interests are for catalysts , such as grubbs ' catalyst for olefin metathesis and ring-opening metathesis polymerization and norbornene .
the illusion of `` jerk-ipedia '' is fostered when difficult users band together , as a sort of gang mentality .
he also produced some important work on `` living polymerization '' .
the video game was released on october 11 , 2000 in north america , october 25 , 2000 in the united kingdom and on november 10 , 2000 in the pal region .
kore is about 2 kilometers in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 23,239,000 km in 723.720 days , at an inclination of 141 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 139 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.2462 .
belle glade is a small city of palm beach county , florida in the united states on the south shore of lake okeechobee .
even though you never even entered the discussion , some users will predict your opinions -lrb- in writing -rrb- just to let others see how wrong you are about something you never said .
to monitor or monitoring generally means to be aware of the state of a system .
in ancient greece , a metic -lrb- greek : metoikos -rrb- was a foreigner living in a greek city-state -lrb- polis -rrb- . the metic did not have the same citizen rights as a citizen who was born in the state he was living in .
fã bio jã nior pereira -lrb- born 20 november 1977 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
based on page type detected it uses one of , , , and .
this meta-template is used to build message box templates that are used on several types of pages and thus need to change style depending on what page they are used on .
using those templates directly means that your template will look the same on its template page and at any other place you show it , which makes it clear on what kind of pages it is supposed to be used .
eusebio sacristã n -lrb- born 13 april 1964 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
raã l albiol -lrb- born 4 september 1985 -rrb- is a spanish football player . he plays for real madrid and spain national team .
he won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1951 for developing a vaccine against yellow fever .
at any given time , there are well over 50,000 highly significant article topics , so just visit some minor articles first , until those difficult users have lost interest in following .
kevin doyle -lrb- born 18 september 1983 -rrb- is an irish football player . he plays for wolverhampton wanderers and republic of ireland national team .
ahmet necdet sezer -lrb- born september 13 , 1941 in afyonkarahisar -rrb- was the tenth president of turkey .
finger food is the name for a number of foods that are usually eaten with the hands , as opposed to using utensils , like forks , knives or chopsticks .
examples of finger food are small beef pies , sausage rolls , sausages on sticks , cheese and olives on sticks , chicken drumsticks or wings , spring rolls , small quiches , samosas , onion bhajis , potato wedges , vol au vents , and risotto balls .
in some cultures , food is almost always eaten with the hands ; for example , ethiopian cuisine is eaten by rolling various dishes up in injera bread .
other well-known foods that are generally eaten with the hands include pizza , hot dogs , fruit and bread .
bragg was always known as sir lawrence bragg , and his father was sir william bragg .
sir william lawrence bragg ch obe mc frs -lrb- 31 march 1890 â `` 1 july 1971 -rrb- was an australian-born british physicist and x-ray crystallographer .
he was joint winner -lrb- with his father , sir william bragg -rrb- of the nobel prize for physics in 1915 .
he was elected an frs in 1921 .
the problem of wiki-stalking involves tracing user-editing of various pages , along with determining a list of people you have contacted , by analyzing your access to user-talk pages , or other websites .
he was the director of the cavendish laboratory , cambridge , when the discovery of the structure of dna was made by james d. watson and francis crick in february 1953 .
dennis `` denny '' green -lrb- born february 17 , 1949 in harrisburg , pennsylvania -rrb- is a former head coach for the minnesota vikings and arizona cardinals , in the national football league .
there are many nicknames for `` daniel '' : dan , danny -lrb- english -rrb- and danya -lrb- russia -rrb- .
to avoid them , perhaps just switch the subject to edit even 5 other , minor articles , and the trolls will lose interest , because the controversial issue they debated has been washed away by the numerous details in 5 dull articles .
laupersdorf is a municipality in the district thal in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
the 2-lipped , tubular flowers are borne on erect sprikes in mid-summer .
peter binkovski -lrb- born 28 june 1972 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player .
only a few users are difficult , so they should be avoided to keep working with the nice guys .
he was nicknamed `` the golden brett '' which was a play off of his father 's nickname , `` the golden jet '' .
his father is bobby hull and he is the nephew of dennis hull .
hermann muhs -lrb- 16 may 1894 in jã 1\/4 hnde - 13 april 1962 in gã ttingen -rrb- was a secretary of state and minister for church questions .
the jet propulsion laboratory -lrb- jpl -rrb- is a nasa research center located in pasadena , california .
hurricane diana was the first major hurricane in eastern north carolina in almost three decades .
the fall of hyperion is the second science fiction book in his hyperion cantos series by dan simmons .
free content , or free information , is any kind of work , artwork , or other creative content which does not have lots of legal restriction about how people can use it .
they showed the chert was indeed produced by a hot spring setting . cores were drilled in 1988 and 1997 .
to sing as a round , one singer -lrb- or group of singers -rrb- would begin at the beginning , a second singer would start at the beginning as the first got to the point marked with the red cross , then the third would join in when the second singer got to the red cross , and so on until all six were singing .
marco di vaio -lrb- born 15 july 1976 -rrb- is an italian football player . he plays for bologna .
typically , a website would have restricted the membership to like-minded people , to those showing a serious interest , but wikipedia has almost no restrictions for user access .
although many people are often very cooperative , there are limits , and when facing a massive confrontation , the situation can seem hopelessly deadlocked .
for over 9 years , wikipedia has presented an open environment where , every week , thousands of people try to work together to write and review articles .
be willing to let others have the months , or years , they need to grow and learn how to cooperate in more civilized ways .
however , wikipedia is funded to write the encyclopedia , not provide cyber-counseling or psychiatric treatment to disturbed individuals , and not to convert the hearts of hateful people to become humanized or christianized .
it is an environment that most people have probably never seen before , and they would never be expected , anywhere else , to work so closely with that many thousands of unscreened people .
this essay , wikipedia : accepting other users , concerns working with other users , plus methods to cope with the stress of handling difficult situations . it is important to try to accept other users and reduce tensions that can not be avoided entirely .
an analogy that might be helpful , to consider , is the way pets behave when meeting others : a dog is very likely to growl and bark at someone they have never met , yet become extremely friendly and cooperative several months later .
abandoned children , raised in isolation , do not magically become `` well-groomed '' gentlemen of polite society .
perhaps the most you can do is to say a prayer , or otherwise , counsel with them outside the scope of wikipedia , but always protect your identity : `` beyond this point , there be demons '' .
in a tragedy , sadness is often be expected , but some might see destruction as a cause for extreme joy .
on balance , it would be preferable to merely accept , at some level , the actions of other users , and let go of any resentments , anger , or stress .
however , sometimes , there is a need to resolve a conflict and try to forge some type of compromise to reach a true consensus , despite the difficulties involved .
people trying to write articles can face opposition , or get help , from many different people .
there are many ways to alleviate the stress , caused when handling difficult situations .
mustering the renewed enthusiasm , to improve even one more article , is the ultimate win .
be prepared to face people with radically different backgrounds and limited amounts of education .
in a sense , wikipedia is a grand social experiment -lrb- though not officially -rrb- which poses the question : `` what if everyone had to co-exist , without shooting each other or putting people in jails ? ''
consider some related analogies :
the form of the coat of arms was most recently revised in 1968 .
red , white , and green are the colors of the national liberation army in mexico .
the flag of the united mexican states or mexico is a tricolor of green , white , and red with an eagle charged in the center of the white stripe .
it recalls the legend that inspired the aztecs to settle on what was originally a lake-island .
there is a ribbon in the national colors at the bottom of the coat of arms .
the current law of national symbols , law on the national arms , flag , and anthem , that governs the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984 .
the circle would be regarded as a degenerate case . with the circle , the function would not be strictly monotonic , but constant .
spirals are also a symbol of hypnosis . this most likely comes from the clichã of people and cartoon characters being hypnotized by staring into a spinning spiral -lrb- one example being kaa in disney 's the jungle book -rrb- .
where is the index number of the floret and is a constant scaling factor , and is a form of fermat 's spiral .
for example , a conic helix may be defined as a spiral on a conic surface , with the distance to the apex an exponential function of î .
many types , of difficult users , can be detected early , by off-balance actions that they employ : `` where there 's smoke there 's fire '' .
the angle 137.5 â is related to the golden ratio and gives a close packing of florets .
the study of spirals in nature have a long history , christopher wren found out that many shells form a logarithmic spiral .
a model for the pattern of florets in the head of a sunflower was proposed by h vogel .
a two-dimensional spiral may be described most easily using polar coordinates . there the radius r is a continuous monotonic function of angle î -lrb- theta -rrb- .
jan swammerdam observed the common mathematical characteristics of a wide range of shells from helix to spirula and henry nottidge moseley described the mathematics of univalve shells .
for a helix with thickness , see spring -lrb- math -rrb- .
the spiral is also a prominent symbol in the anime gurren lagann , where it symbolizes the double helix structure of dna , representing biological evolution , and the spiral structure of a galaxy , representing universal evolution .
he describes how shells are formed by rotating a closed curve around a fixed axis , the shape of the curve remains fixed but its size grows in a geometric progression .
perhaps the most that can be done is to lodge a `` pov dispute '' on an article 's talk-page , but not carry out a protracted debate , because the difficult users will likely escalate any rebellion to become wiki-stalking and hounding of their rivals .
dâ arcy wentworth thompson 's on growth and form gives extensive treatment to these spirals .
in some shell such as nautilus and ammonites the generating curve revolves in a plane pirpendicular to the axis and the shell will form a planer discoid shape .
the helix and vortex can be viewed as a kind of three-dimensional spiral .
thompson also studied spirals occurring in horns , teeth , claws and plants .
they are also used as a symbol of dizziness , where the eyes of a cartoon character , especially in anime and manga , will turn into spirals to show they are dizzy or dazed .
many difficult users tend to block progress , and some simply want to stop others from writing , or expanding articles , with information they do n't want to be shown .
izegem is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
thierry henry -lrb- born 17 august 1977 in les ulis , essonne , france -rrb- is a french football player .
txiki begiristain -lrb- born 12 august 1964 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
the british invasion is an event where many rock and roll , beat , and pop bands from the united kingdom became very popular in the united states , australia , and canada .
the bomb was dropped on the japanese city of hiroshima on august 6 , 1945 by the american army who were trying to end world war ii . enola gay was the name of the plane that dropped little boy .
the reason each spin can work so well , against the insults , is that , typically , an insulting remark must be mild -lrb- otherwise it becomes a vicious personal attack -rrb- , so consequently the positive spin can easily claim a viewpoint 100x times the opposite , as an enormous compliment .
biricodar is dicitrate salt called incel . it is a pharmaceutical drug made by vertex pharmaceuticals in 1999 to help treat ovarian cancer patients .
aiden mcgeady -lrb- born 4 april 1986 -rrb- is an irish football player .
gland , aisne is a commune .
armed with this gene , the former ii-r strain bacteria were now protected from the host 's immune system and could kill the host .
today , we know that the `` transforming principle '' griffith saw was the dna of the iii-s strain bacteria .
the iii-s strain covers itself with a polysaccharide capsule that protects it from the host 's immune system .
in this experiment , bacteria from the iii-s strain were killed by heat , and their remains were added to ii-r strain bacteria .
griffith 's experiment , was an experiment done in 1928 by frederick griffith . it was one of the first experiments showing that bacteria can get dna through a process called transformation .
while neither harmed the mice on their own , the blend of the two was able to kill mice .
these bacteria infect mice . he used a type iii-s -lrb- smooth -rrb- and type ii-r -lrb- rough -rrb- strain .
he concluded that the type ii-r had been `` transformed '' into the lethal iii-s strain by a `` transforming principle '' that was somehow part of the dead iii-s strain bacteria .
the iii-s strain dna contains the genes that form the shielding polysaccharide part from attack .
griffith was also able to get both live ii-r and live iii-s strains of pneumococcus from the blood of these dead mice .
while the bacteria had been killed , the dna had survived the heating process and was taken up by the ii-r strain bacteria .
marenla is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
joseph vincent flacco -lrb- born january 16 , 1985 in audubon , new jersey -rrb- is an american football starting quarterback for the baltimore ravens of the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
the chert was formed when silica-rich water from volcanic springs rose and rapidly petrified the early terrestrial ecosystem in situ . organisms are petrified that way by hot springs today , although that quality of preservation has not been found in recent deposits .
no , instead , most wiki-people are basically good , and it is just a `` small group '' of difficult users who cause most problems .
camps-sur-l ` isle is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
microsoft frontpage is a program made by microsoft to help people make webpages and full websites .
leo wilden -lrb- born 3 july , 1936 -rrb- is a former german football player .
try to tune out the difficult users and , instead , always remember the millions of other people who are helping to improve wikipedia .
most people think of it as sweet bread , and it sometimes has cinnamon in it .
sokoto is a city in the northwest of nigeria , near to where the sokoto river and rima river meet . the people in sokoto are mostly muslims .
the people in sokoto are mostly muslims .
feelin ' so good is the first dvd by american singer jennifer lopez , released in november 2000 .
one user thought the solution was to list every difficult user on his user-talk page , but that tends to merely anger them .
the polyplacophorans may have formed when an aberrant monoplacophoran was born with multiple centres of calcification , rather than the usual one .
chitons have a relatively good fossil record , stretching back 400 million years to the devonian .
selection acted on the resultant conical shells to form them to overlap into protective armor . their original cones are homologous with the tips of the plates of modern chitons .
some species live quite high in the intertidal zone and are exposed to the air and light for long periods .
before this , some organisms have been interpreted -lrb- tentatively -rrb- as stem-group polyplacophora ; the record of polyplacophora stretches back to the upper cambrian .
kimberella and wiwaxia of the precambrian and cambrian may be related to ancestral polyplacophora .
there are relatively few difficult users , but they need to be avoided to stay focused on writing the encyclopedia , and not let petty squabbles cause frustrations and doubts about other , decent users .
harold clayton lloyd , sr. -lrb- april 20 , 1893 -- march 8 1971 -rrb- was a famous american actor and producer .
although lloyd 's movies were not as commercially successful as charlie chaplin 's lloyd made a lot more money than chaplin during their film years . -lrb- $ 15.7 million to chaplin 's $ 10.5 million -rrb- .
akhrik tsveiba -lrb- born 10 september 1966 -rrb- is a former ukrainian-russian football player .
wittes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
novã ves u svä tlã is a village in the havlã ä kå v brod district , vysoä ina region of the czech republic .
he was looked down on by some as a climate change denier in february 2009 , his widow gave birth to his only , posthumous son , john michael todd crichton .
consequently , because of that focus , the simple act of ignoring troublesome users , and moving on to improve another article , constitutes a total victory over their attempts to block other people from working on other articles , although the trolled articles are virtually hopeless .
crichton is well known for jurassic park , a book that became a film series .
levardis robert martyn burton , jr. -lrb- born february 16 , 1957 -rrb- , commonly known as levar burton , is an american actor .
he is probably best known for his role in the popular television series star trek : the next generation , and as the host of the pbs show reading rainbow .
he became controller after jane root departed in may 2004 to become the executive vice president and general manager of the us-based discovery channel . jane root was appointed in 1999 and was the first woman to be appointed controller of a bbc television channel .
economic nationalism is the idea that a state should have control over its economy , labor and how capital is formed .
the magna carta led to the constitutional rule of today .
just as the troll exerts power against those wanting to cross the bridge , the difficult users feel they have a `` captive audience '' in particular articles .
only three of the original clauses in magna carta are still law today .
love story is a song by country music artist taylor swift .
repentance is an act recognized in judaism , christianity , and islam .
the circle jerks are a legendary punk rock band from california .
the band was formed in 1979 by black flag 's original singer , keith morris , and future bad religion guitarist greg hetson .
many difficult users have left within 2 years of joining wikipedia , as they struggled to gain more power , but were continually ignored or rejected .
wysiwyg -lrb- or \/ ë wé zé wé g \/ -rrb- , is an acronym for what you see is what you get , used in computing to describe a system where things you type when you are editing appear almost the same to the final output , which might be a printed document , a web page , a powerpoint presentation or even the lighting for a concert .
beussent is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
eusã bio -lrb- born 25 january 1942 -rrb- is a former portuguese football player . he has played for portugal national team .
nymphaeales is an order of plants , which consists of water lilies and other aquatic plants .
james patrick caviezel , jr. -lrb- ; born september 26 , 1968 -rrb- is an american movie actor . he is sometimes called jim caviezel .
they are called variola major and variola minor . some people also call smallpox variola , named after the viruses ' scientific name .
even in 1967 , about 15 million people caught the disease , and about two million people died of it , according to the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- .
they are called variola major and variola minor .
during the first half of the 20th century , between 300 million and 500 million people died of this disease .
the american fork river , in utah , leaves the wasatch mountains out of american fork canyon about 35 miles southeast of salt lake city .
the river starts on mount timpanogos and the river runs down through american fork canyon .
roger daltrey sings most of the song , with pete townshend singing the middle eight : `` do n't cry\/don ' t raise your eye\/it 's only teenage wasteland '' .
look for 2 or more warning signs , and compare as repeated patterns of behavior .
edgar winter -lrb- born december 28 , 1946 -rrb- is an albino musician from beaumont , texas .
tokelau does not have an official capital . most important languages spoken in tokelau are english and tokelauan .
tokelau is also a village in tuvalu , see tokelau -lrb- tuvalu -rrb- . tokelau is an island group located in the pacific ocean .
tokelau does not have an official capital .
sierra leone national football team is the national football team of sierra leone .
however , other less maniacal users have acted as `` semi-trolls '' with more balance , and remained years longer .
this page provides information about the use of open proxies to read and change pages on the simple english wikipedia .
if you have received a message that you are blocked from editing as an open proxy , please see this help page .
non-static ip addresses or hosts that are otherwise not permanent proxies should typically be blocked for a shorter period of time , as it is likely the ip address will eventually be transferred or dynamically reassigned , or the open proxy closed .
open or anonymising proxies may be blocked from editing for any period at any time .
while this may affect legitimate users , they are not the intended targets and may freely use proxies until those are blocked .
mediawiki , the wiki software that powers wikipedia , depends on ip addresses for administrator intervention against abuse , especially by anonymous users .
several such attacks have occurred on wikimedia projects , causing disruption and occupying administrators who would otherwise deal with other concerns .
again , many difficult users have a lot of impact , so some new users might get goaded into bad behavior , in a copy-cat manner , and it takes a few combined actions to realize the behavior is a pattern of intentional , negative , and insulting actions by truly difficult users .
no restrictions are placed on reading through an open or anonymous proxy .
this policy is known to cause difficulty for some editors , who must use open proxies to circumvent censorship where they live ; for example , citizens of the people 's republic of china , from which access to the chinese language edition of wikipedia is currently blocked by the government 's golden shield project .
the term is also used as a synonym for the north caucasus economical region of russia .
lochieu is a commune .
similar to a legendary troll under the bridge , who waits and makes demands of travellers trying to cross the bridge , the difficult users tend to hang around some significant articles , knowing that certain people will want to change or correct part of the text .
until this time , movies were sold on a state-wide or regional basis .
in 1916 , adolph zukor created a three-way merger of his famous players film company , jesse l. lasky 's lasky feature play company , and paramount .
this was inefficient and costly to producers .
by the end of 1949 , they had become hertha bsc berlin again .
although they do n't necessarily know where anyone lives , some difficult users find where you write .
hertha and bsc split in 1930 , and hertha won the championship again in 1931 .
by 1997 hertha got back into the bundesliga .
after world war ii , occupying allied authorities banned most organizations in germany , including sports and football clubs .
hertha bsc is a german football club based in berlin . they started in 1892 .
bsc left that site when it joined the bundesliga in 1963 .
throughout the 1950 's there was a rivalry with tennis borussia berlin , but the idea of the two merger between the two clubs in 1958 was rejected .
most recently , bright spots for the side have been a continuous string of appearances in international play in the uefa cup and the uefa champions league beginning in the 1999 season , and the signing of players such as sebastian deisler and brazilian international marcelinho , named the bundesliga 's player of the year in may of 2005 .
in the 1949\/50 season the soviets would not allow hertha to play against east german teams , because they had signed some players and a coach who had left the dresden club sg friedrichstadt for west berlin .
german football was re-organized under the third reich in 1933 into sixteen top-flight divisions , which saw hertha playing in the gauliga berlin-brandenburg .
hertha is a variation on the name nerthus , a germanic fertility goddess .
the club continued to be successful in their division , regularly finishing in the upper half of the table and capturing the divisional title in 1935 , 1937 , and 1944 .
hertha restarted at the end of 1945 as sg gesundbrunnen -lrb- named after a district of northern berlin -rrb- and resumed play in the oberliga berlin - gruppe c. the thirty-six teams of the first season of the postwar oberliga berlin were reduced to just 12 the next year and the club found itself out of first division football and playing in the amateurliga berlin .
hertha has also invested heavily in its own youth football academy , which has produced several players with bundesliga potential .
to keep a berlin team in the bundesliga , tasmania 1900 berlin , were promoted instead . tasmania were the worst side ever in the bundesliga history .
also , if most trouble makers are ignored rather than scolded , then they lose interest when their victims escape the trap of posting angry replies , so they move on to find other victims .
one of the men who founded the club had taken a day trip on this ship with his father .
hertha had to sell the team 's former home ground in 1974 when investigations about the match fixing scandal of 1971 showed that the club was 6 million dm -lrb- â 12 million -rrb- in debt .
because of money troubles in 1920 hertha merged with the richer berliner sport-club to form hertha berliner sport club .
by 1994 hertha bsc was 10 million dm -lrb- â 20 million -rrb- in debt .
in the show , 15-year-old sokka is a warrior of the south pole 's southern water tribe , a race of people who can control water .
acrocanthosaurus was a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in north america during the early cretaceous period .
in the film version , the last airbender , in which is his name is pronounced differently , the character is played by jackson rathbone .
in `` sokka 's master '' -lrb- the 4th episode of third season -rrb- sokka expresses self-doubt and worry that he is not usefull as much to the group as his bender companions are .
when sokka was thirteen , his father and the other village men left to help the earth kingdom to fight against the fire nation , leaving him and his sister to look after their tribe with their grandmother , gran gran .
in the end , sokka is seen at iroh 's tea shop in ba sing se where everyone teases a painted picture he created of the entire team , wherein he altered some factual details to make the scene more `` memorable '' .
cannabis -lrb- pronounced -rrb- -lrb- also called cannabis sativa , cannabis indica , or marijuana -rrb- is a plant .
in a compromised position , the pair are attacked by two soldiers , whom sokka defeats at the cost of his sword and boomerang .
he , along with his younger sister katara , discovers an airbender named aang , the long-lost avatar , and accompanies him on his mission to win the fire nation and bring peace to the world .
rather than fighting with brute force and flawless technique , sokka 's creativity and heterodox approach to things are the cornerstones of his technique , and his master notes that in time sokka will be a superior swordsman .
at zuko 's coronation , suki is reunited with her fellow kyoshi warriors , sokka and katara are reunited with their father , with the rest of the group reunited with their friends .
in the two-hour series finale , sokka and katara meet with katara 's waterbending master , pakku , who has now married their grandmother .
michael dante dimartino and bryan konietzko said that sokka was originally designed to be much more low-key , but when his comedian voice actor jack desena came in and brought liveliness to his character , they began writing towards that strength .
upon discovering that aang was the avatar , destined to master all four elements and bring peace to the world , sokka relented , realizing that they had a common enemy in the fire nation .
sokka and toph are separated from suki and attack another airship , but sokka breaks his leg and strains his arm grabbing hold of toph , who was falling off the ship .
in the battle against ozai , sokka , his girlfriend suki , and toph destroyed a fire nation airship and use it to destroy others of its kind while aang duels with the phoenix king -lrb- ozai -rrb- .
in 1972 the district became together with gã 1\/4 nzburg -lrb- district -rrb- and the urban district gã 1\/4 nzburg , the gã 1\/4 nzburg district in todays form .
the slovak climate is temperate , with warm summers and cloudy , cold and humid winters .
andy 's toys are welcomed by the numerous toys at sunnyside , and given a tour of the seemingly perfect play-setting by lots-o ' - huggin ' bear -lrb- ned beatty -rrb- -lrb- a.k.a. `` lotso '' -rrb- , lotso 's chief enforcer big baby -lrb- woody smith -rrb- , and the smooth-talking ken -lrb- michael keaton -rrb- , the latter of whom barbie -lrb- jodi benson -rrb- falls in love with .
even though chuckles realized the truth , an embittered lotso convinced big baby that they were abandoned , and used big baby 's size to help him take control of the toys at sunnyside in the fashion of organized crime .
at andy 's house , woody climbs back into the box with andy 's college supplies while the other toys resign themselves to the attic .
andy , mistaking it for a note from his mom , takes the box to bonnie 's home , introduces his old toys to bonnie and gives her the toys to play with .
worried for his friends , woody hurries back to the daycare and finds that they have been put on task to be played with the rambunctious , toy-abusing youngest toddlers .
as a garbage truck approaches , woody explains to big baby that lotso has lied to him and that his owner still loved him , whereupon big baby , ken and the other sunnyside toys turn on lotso and push him into the dumpster .
they help lotso to reach an emergency stop button , but instead he escapes and leaves them to be burned .
andy decides to take woody -lrb- tom hanks -rrb- with him to college and intends to store the other toys in the attic .
she takes him home and plays with him along with her other toys , who are well treated , happy , and readily welcome woody .
a misunderstanding with andy 's slightly aged mother -lrb- laurie metcalf -rrb- results in the other toys being thrown away , making them think they are no longer wanted ; they escape and decide to climb in a box to be donated to a daycare center called sunnyside , along with woody .
in the process , buzz is accidentally reset into a spanish-speaking mode during an attempt to restore him to normal .
woody rejoins his friends and they work out an escape plan involving the garbage dumpster .
hot springs , with temperatures between 90 t , were active ; the water had probably cooled to under 30 c before it reached the fossilised organisms .
the daily news of new york city is a daily tabloid newspaper . as of a 2009 study by burrellesluce , a media relations measurement service , it is the fifth most-widely distributed daily newspaper in the united states , publishing and selling .
however , lotso manages to pull woody in with him just as the garbage truck collects the dumpster .
in the end , bonnie recognizes woody , laying at the bottom of the box , to andy 's surprise .
all of the toys are quickly enamored with their new home , leaving woody to try to return to andy on his own .
believing they are at their final moments , the toys join hands , but they are rescued just in time by the squeeze toy aliens -lrb- jeff pidgeon -rrb- using a giant crane .
woody has a last minute inspiration , and leaves a note to andy on the toys ' box .
woody 's friends board the truck to rescue him , during which buzz is hit by a falling television while saving jessie -lrb- joan cusack -rrb- , finally returning to his old self .
woody and the other toys find themselves wanted and played with again , and learn through notes passed in bonnie 's backpack that barbie , ken , and big baby have turned around the life of all the toys at sunnyside for the better .
they are also kept under guard at night by buzz -lrb- tim allen -rrb- whom lotso has reverted to a demonstration state to destroy his memories , restoring his original `` space ranger '' persona and allying with him .
lotso , along with big baby and chuckles , were once accidentally lost by their original owner , daisy .
a 17-year old andy -lrb- john morris -rrb- is packing for college and his toys , who have not been played with in a long time , feel forgotten and abandoned .
woody is elated until he hears about lotso from chuckles the clown -lrb- bud luckey -rrb- .
however , unlike a wet t-shirt contest the water used is warm instead of cold .
the chemical it is made up of is called zirconium silicate : zrsio4 .
in addition , the oxygen isotopic compositions of some of these zircons indicate that more than 4.4 billion years ago there was already water on the surface of the earth .
this interpretation is supported by additional trace element data , but is also the subject of debate .
zircons from the jack hills in the narryer gneiss terrane , yilgarn craton , western australia , have yielded uâ `` pb -lrb- uraniumâ `` lead radioactive dating -rrb- ages up to 4.404 billion years . this is judged to be the age of crystallization , making them the oldest minerals so far dated on earth .
in the 1850s many australians traveled to california to take part in the california gold rush .
drainage removes swamps which provide a habitat for mosquito larvae , but such drainage can also destroy harmless habitats by accident .
the 1991 oakland hills firestorm which destroyed almost 3,000 homes and killed 25 people was partly fueled by large numbers of eucalyptus in the area close to the houses .
eucalypts began between 35 and 50 million years ago , not long after australia and new guinea separated from gondwana . their coming coincides with an increase in fossil charcoal deposits -lrb- which might mean that fire was important to them even then -rrb- , but they remained a minor component of the rainforest until about 20 million years ago , when the gradual drying of the continent and lessening of soil richness led to the growth of a more open forest type , with mainly casuarina and acacia trees .
eucalypts have also been used as a way of reducing malaria by draining the soil in such places as algeria , sicily mainland europe and california .
much of california has similar climate to parts of australia , and some people had the idea of introducing eucalyptus .
despite the similar name and appearance , this species is unrelated to the eurasian black vulture .
eucalyptus oil is an insect repellent -lrb- fradin & day 2002 -rrb- .
because of their fast growth , the main benefit of these trees is the wood .
by the early 1900s thousands of hectares of eucalyptus were planted with the encouragement of the state government .
the dead bark and fallen branches are also flammable .
one way in which the eucalyptus , mainly the blue gum , proved valuable in california was in providing windbreaks for highways , orange groves , and other farms in the mostly treeless central part of the state .
the same fire which had little impact on forests around canberra has resulted in thousands of hectares of dead forests .
on warm days eucalyptus oil vapor rises above the bush to create the well-known distant blue haze of the australian landscape .
in some parts of california eucalyptus forests are being removed , and native trees and plants restored .
although a common and widespread species , it has a somewhat more restricted distribution than its compatriot , the turkey vulture , which breeds well into canada and south to tierra del fuego .
it was hoped that they would provide a renewable source of timber for construction and furniture making .
eucalypts were first introduced to the rest of the world by sir joseph banks , botanist on the cook expedition in 1770 .
eucalypts draw a very large amount of water from the soil .
eucalyptus oil is refined from the leaves by steaming . it can be used for cleaning , deodorising , and in very small amounts in food supplements , especially sweets , cough drops and decongestants .
they have been planted -lrb- or re-planted -rrb- in some places to lower the water table and reduce the amount of salt in the soil .
fire is also a problem .
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticized because they drive out the native plants and do not support native animals .
eucalyptus can be found in almost every part of the australia .
sometimes the data in the database may also be changed . a database transaction is generally atomic .
fast growth also makes eucalypts suitable as windbreaks .
several species have become invasive -lrb- spreading out of the area they were planted in -rrb- and are causing major problems for local wildlife .
eucalyptus oil catches fire very easily , and bush fires can travel quickly through the oil-rich air of the tree crowns .
ali al-habsi -lrb- born 30 december 1981 -rrb- is an omani football player .
the mass number of an element is equal to the molar mass of the element . the molar mass of a chemical compound is the amount that has 6.022 x 1023 molecules .
the mass number of an element is equal to the molar mass of the element .
theodore james -lrb- tj -rrb- wilson is a canadian pro wrestler working for the world wrestling entertainment , wrestling on the smackdown brand .
primarily , the class 378 will feature fully longitudinal seating similar to that used on london underground rolling stock , which is necessary for the high passenger volume services expected to be run on london overground .
she starred in the films pearl harbor -lrb- 2001 -rrb- , underworld -lrb- 2003 -rrb- and van helsing -lrb- 2004 -rrb- .
fall of a kingdom is the first book in the farsala trilogy by american author hilari bell .
masaki yokotani -lrb- born 10 may 1952 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
larry griffin -lrb- september 23 , 1954 - june 21 , 1995 -rrb- - was a man accused of killing 19-year-old quintin moss .
in singapore , primary school refers to those students who are normally between the ages of 7 to 12 .
primary school is often used in private or independent schools . -lrb- in private or independent schools the government does not give the schools money . -rrb-
at the end of p6 , students sit for a national level primary school leaving exam -lrb- psle -rrb- which is used for placement into secondary school . prior to primary school , pupils attend kindergarten school for 2 years .
at the end of p6 , students sit for a national level primary school leaving exam -lrb- psle -rrb- which is used for placement into secondary school .
bacteroides is a genus of gram-negative bacteria .
unusual in bacterial organisms , bacteroides membranes contain sphingolipids .
the dna base composition is 40-48 % gc .
they also contain meso-diaminopimelic acid in their peptidoglycan layer .
along with being in pink floyd , he has worked as a record producer for other musicians . gilmour has also recorded and released albums as a solo performer .
david jon gilmour cbe -lrb- born 6 march 1946 -rrb- is an english musician . he is most famous for being a guitarist , singer and songwriters in the rock band pink floyd .
the republic 's lands also included drenthe -lrb- one of the 17 , but without the autonomous status of the others -rrb- , and parts of brabant , limburg and flanders , which were considered to be `` conquered lands '' and were governed directly by the staten-generaal , the parliament . from this came their name generality lands .
the rhynie chert is an lower devonian sedimentary deposit , part of the old red sandstone . it has extraordinary fossil details , and is a lagerstã tte .
their status changed once they came under the influence of a ruler . this single ruler then centralised their administration .
in 1806 the kingdom of holland replaced the republic to further french interests .
today , they are non-autonomous subdivisions of the national state . there are again numbering 17 provinces , though not all are the same as the 16th century ones .
elected from its members are the gedeputeerde staten , a college charged with most executive tasks . this college is presided by the commissaris van de koningin or royal commissioner , appointed by the crown .
it was during this administration that holland was first split in two , with the department of amstelland to the north and that of maasland to the south .
swahili fishermen of today still rely on the ocean to supply their primary source of income .
there are arab , persian , and other migrants who reached the coast some believe as early as the 7th-8th c. ce , and mixed with the local people there , that are regarded as swahili now . because of this influence the swahili language contains many loan words from arabic and persian .
only a small part of those who use swahili are first language speakers and even fewer are ethnic swahilis .
during the middle ages , ivory and slaves became a substantial source of income .
the swahili are a people and culture found on the coast of east africa , mainly the coastal regions and the islands of kenya and tanzania , and north mozambique .
they are mainly united by culture and under the mother tongue of kiswahili , a bantu language .
in other words , the term ` swahili ' can mean ` those who speak swahili ' or it can mean ` ethnic swahili people ' .
islam came to the east african coast around 1012 ad , when the traders from the persian gulf and the arabian peninsula continued to journey to these parts during monsoon seasons and to have contact with the local people through trade , marriage , and an exchange of ideas .
archaeologist , felix chami thinks that bantu settlements at the east african coast existed already at the beginning of the 1st millennium .
because of this interaction , most of the swahili today are muslim .
battledress is a general term for the military uniform worn into combat , as opposed to ` display ' dress and formal uniforms worn at parades and functions .
rio ferdinand -lrb- born 7 november 1978 -rrb- is an english football player .
he plays for manchester united and england national team .
antimony pentoxide , also known as antimony pentaoxide and antimony -lrb- v -rrb- oxide , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is sb2o5 .
it is made by reacting antimony trioxide with nitric acid .
the antimony is in its +5 oxidation state .
elba de pã dua lima -lrb- born 20 february , 1915 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
yoshiharu horii -lrb- born 16 march 1953 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
it includes all the traditional forms of religious thought , such as kalam -lrb- islamic theology -rrb- and fiqh -lrb- islamic jurisprudence -rrb- and also assimilates fields generally considered to be secular in the west , such as islamic science and islamic economics .
some non-muslim scholars have written works which are read by many muslims .
`` islamic studies '' can mean studying the history of islam and islamic philosophy .
academics from many different disciplines participate and exchange ideas about predominantly muslim societies , past and present .
andrew chan , si yi chen , michael czugaj , renae lawrence , tach duc thanh nguyen , matthew norman , scott rush , martin stephens and myuran sukumaran , all aged between 18 and 28 at the time of their arrests .
the bali nine is the name given to nine australian citizens arrested on april 17 , 2005 , in denpasar on the island of bali , indonesia . they had tried to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin valued at about aud 4 million from indonesia to australia .
lifelike or anatomically correct dolls are used by health professionals , medical schools , and social workers to train doctors and nurses in different health procedures or to find out about cases of sexual abuse of children .
in ancient times , dolls were used as symbols of a deity -lrb- god -rrb- , and played an important role in religious ceremonies and rituals .
dolls have been around since the beginning of human civilization , and have been made from many different types of materials , like stone , clay , wood , bone , cloth and paper , to porcelain , china , rubber and plastic .
for other uses of the word `` doll , '' see dolls and doll -lrb- disambiguation -rrb- .
in electronics , a multiplexer or mux -lrb- occasionally the term mul-dex is also found , for a combination multiplexer-demultiplexer -rrb- is a device that selects one of many analog or digital input signals and outputs it into a single output line .
in electronics , a demultiplexer -lrb- or demux -rrb- is a device taking a single input signal and selecting one of many data-output-lines , which is connected to the single input .
a multiplexer is often used with a complementary demultiplexer on the receiving end .
in some cases , the far end system may have more functionality than a simple demultiplexer and so , at the same time as the demultiplexing still exists logically , it may never actually happen physically , such as in network address translation where a number of ip private network users are multiplexed over a single public ip address .
a demultiplexer is in this context a device that takes a single input signal that carries many channels and separates the channels over multiple output signals .
at the receiving end of the data link a complementary demultiplexer is normally required to break single data stream back down into the original streams .
one cost-saving use for multiplexers is connecting a multiplexer and a demultiplexer -lrb- or demux -rrb- together -lrb- called mul-dex -rrb- over a single communication channel -lrb- by connecting the multiplexer 's single output to the demultiplexer 's single input -rrb- .
ballet is always performed to music , and in many cases the music was specially composed for a particular ballet . ballet is a major part of theater , and a popular example is the nutcracker .
masato yamazaki -lrb- born 4 december 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
samognat is a commune .
she is the 2006 u.s. national champion , 2003 grand prix final champion , and 2006 olympic silver medalist .
grace slick -lrb- born grace barnett wing ; october 30 , 1939 -rrb- is an american singer-songwriter from evanston , illinois . she is known for being the lead singer of bands like jefferson airplane , jefferson starship and starship .
the chert was discovered by william mackie while mapping the western margin of the rhynie basin in 1910 â `` 1913 .
gerd mã 1\/4 ller -lrb- born november 3 , 1945 in nã rdlingen -rrb- used to be a football player played for germany national team , and was one of the best players in his time .
sporting clube de portugal is a football club which plays in portugal .
they married on 15 june 2007 , in blenheim palace in oxfordshire .
john george terry -lrb- born 7 december 1980 -rrb- is an english professional football player .
public ivy is a term started by richard moll in his 1985 book public ivys : a guide to america 's best public undergraduate colleges and universities . the book is about universities which `` provide an ivy league collegiate experience at a public school price . ''
written by ryan ross and released on may 4 , 2006 as a cd single , `` but it 's better if you do '' is the third single to be released by panic at the disco , and the second with an accompanying video .
public ivies are chosen , according to the journal of blacks in higher education , to be able to be `` successfully competing with the ivy league schools in academic rigor ... attracting superstar faculty and in competing for the best and brightest students of all races . ''
komotini is the second city in greece which has got muslims .
however , he did not take part in the music they wrote together in 1921 called les mariã s de la tour eiffel . this made jean cocteau very annoyed .
louis durey died at saint-tropez , provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur , france .
durey became a member of the group called les six in 1920 .
ford was assigned in 1943 to active duty in san diego base .
glenn ford interrupted his actor career in 1942 to enlist as a volunteer in the marine corps of the united states during world war ii .
for his outstanding career in the movies , glenn ford star on the hollywood walk of fame at 6933 hollywood boulevard .
glenn ford -lrb- may 1 , 1916 - august 30 , 2006 -rrb- was an american actor , born in canada .
in 1971 he starred in the cbs television series cade 's county , he plays county sheriff sam cade , is a must fight against crime .
rã ntgen 's x-rays were called rã ntgen rays at first .
he was the first person to win the nobel prize in physics , in 1901 . rã ntgen 's x-rays were called rã ntgen rays at first .
when the two sides are pressed together , the hooks catch in the loops and hold the pieces together .
the word `` velcro '' can also be used as a verb -lrb- for instance : `` i velcroed my shoes '' -rrb- .
the new york city transit police department , that was started in 1953 , was a transit police department for the new york city subway and bus lines . it became part of the nypd in 1995 as the transit bureau of the new york city police department by decision of new york city mayor rudolph w. giuliani .
it became part of the nypd in 1995 as the transit bureau of the new york city police department by decision of new york city mayor rudolph w. giuliani .
the new york city transit police department , that was started in 1953 , was a transit police department for the new york city subway and bus lines .
the vertex-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has an octahedral envelope .
the schlã fli symbol of the hexadecachoron is .
this octahedron can be divided into 8 tetrahedral volumes , by cutting along the coordinate planes .
the dual tessellation , icositetrachoric honeycomb , , is made of by regular 24-cells .
each 16-cell has 16 neighbors with which it shares an octahedron , 24 neighbors with which it shares only an edge , and 72 neighbors with which it shares only a single point .
it is bounded by 16 cells , all of which are regular tetrahedra .
finally the edge-first parallel projection has a shortened octahedral envelope , and the face-first parallel projection has a hexagonal bipyramidal envelope .
in this projection of the 16-cell , all its edges lie on the faces of the cubical envelope .
`` but it 's better if you do '' is the third single by panic at the disco , from their album a fever you ca n't sweat out -lrb- 2005 -rrb- .
its vertex figure is a regular octahedron .
in four dimensional geometry , a 16-cell , is a regular convex polychoron , or polytope existing in four dimensions . it is also known as the hexadecachoron .
there are 8 tetrahedra , 12 triangles , and 6 edges meeting at every vertex .
there is a lower symmetry form of the 16-cell , called a demitesseract or 4-demicube , a member of the demihypercube family , and represented by h , and can be drawn bicolored with alternating tetrahedral cells .
one can tessellate 4-dimensional euclidean space by regular 16-cells .
the cell-first parallel projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has a cubical envelope .
it has 32 triangular faces , 24 edges , and 8 vertices .
the cell-first perspective projection of the 16-cell into 3-space has a triakis tetrahedral envelope .
the remaining 6 cells are projected onto the square faces of the cube .
surrounding each of these tetrahedra are 4 other -lrb- non-regular -rrb- tetrahedral volumes that are the images of the 4 surrounding tetrahedral cells , filling up the space between the inscribed tetrahedron and the cube .
the closest and farthest cells are projected to inscribed tetrahedra within the cube , corresponding with the two possible ways to inscribe a regular tetrahedron in a cube .
each of these volumes is the image of a pair of cells in the 16-cell .
the 24 edges bound 6 squares lying in the 6 coordinate planes .
the eight vertices of the hexadecachoron are -lrb- â 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 -rrb- , -lrb- 0 , â 1 , 0 , 0 -rrb- , -lrb- 0 , 0 , â 1 , 0 -rrb- , -lrb- 0 , 0 , 0 , â 1 -rrb- .
the closest vertex of the 16-cell to the viewer projects onto the center of the octahedron .
the layout of the cells within this envelope are analogous to that of the cell-first parallel projection .
ross went on to say , `` when i wrote it , i never thought about it being played in strip clubs .
twenty-four 16-cells meet at any given vertex in this tessellation .
the young michael faraday was one of four children and only had the most basic school education .
michael faraday -lrb- newington butts , surrey , 22 september 1791 â `` hampton court , surrey , 25 august 1867 -rrb- was an english chemist and physicist .
as a chemist , michael faraday discovered benzene , invented an early type of bunsen burner , and popularized terminology such as anode , cathode , electrode , and ion .
he showed that magnetism is able to affect rays of light , as there is an underlying relationship between the two phenomena .
dr pepper is a soft drink -lrb- soda -rrb- similar to coca cola in its color . each can of dr pepper contains 150 calories .
there is a dr. pepper museum in waco , texas which has three floors of exhibits , a old-fashioned soda fountain , and a gift store of dr pepper souvenirs .
hammond is a city in the state of indiana , in the united states .
i love you is a sentence which has only one clause .
two clauses can be joined with a pronoun .
i love you and i will always love you is a sentence which has two clauses .
a subordinating clause is one which is dependent on the main clause -lrb- the primary clause -rrb- . the main clause makes sense on its own .
`` the cask of amontillado '' -lrb- sometimes spelled `` the casque of amontillado '' -rrb- is a short story , written by edgar allan poe .
montresor is telling the story 50 years after the death of fortunato .
montresor tells fortunato he has bought a special rare wine called amontillado but wants fortunato to test it to be sure it is real .
rum is mostly made in or around the caribbean .
it is made from molasses and other sugarcane by-products through fermentation and distillation . rum is mostly made in or around the caribbean .
rum is an alcoholic spirit . it is made from molasses and other sugarcane by-products through fermentation and distillation .
the deposits are interbedded with sands , shales and tuffs , which speaks of local volcanic activity .
this metal can be made by reacting lithium , lithium hydroxide , lithium oxide , or lithium carbonate with nitric acid .
lithium nitrate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is lino3 .
kazakhstan national football team is the national football team of kazakhstan .
he was nominated for the academy award and has won the golden globe award three times .
his apartment from 1841-1857 is now conserved as the maison d'auguste comte .
auguste comte -lrb- full name : isidore marie auguste franã ois xavier comte ; january 17 , 1798 â `` september 5 , 1857 -rrb- was a french thinker who was one from founders of sociology -lrb- from the latin : socius , `` companion '' ; and the suffix - ology , `` the study of '' , from greek î '' ï î î ï , lã gos , `` knowledge '' -rrb- and positivism .
he died in paris on september 5th , 1857 and is buried at the famous cimetiã re du pã re lachaise .
quå `` ux-haut-ma ã nil is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in 2007 she became president of immagine&poesia -lrb- image and poetry -rrb- , the international artistic literary movement founded at teatro alfa , torino , italy .
wwe extreme rules is a yearly pay-per-view event made world wrestling entertainment . the event was originally known as wwe one night stand from 2005 - 2008 .
she is worried about him always singing at `` illegal strip clubs '' ; he says he does not go to `` illegal strip joints '' , but he goes anyway .
anderson luã s de abreu oliveira -lrb- born 13 april 1988 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for manchester united .
the chicago fire soccer club is a soccer team that plays in major league soccer in bridgeview , illinois .
however when wearing the ` home strip ' rangers will occasionally alter the shorts and socks , sometimes replacing the black socks with white ones ; or replacing the white shorts and black socks combination with royal blue shorts and socks .
white and red have been the most common predominant colors for rangers alternate strips , though dark and light blue have also featured highly .
the club colors of rangers f.c. are royal blue , white and red .
rangers football club are an association football team based in glasgow , scotland , who currently play in the scottish premier league .
the team 's home strip invariably features a royal blue shirt -lrb- often with white and\/or red trim -rrb- .
following release in the usa , the single reached number 4 on billboard 's bubbling under hot 100 singles chart , before dropping to number 8 on the chart dated september 23 , 2006 .
the club are nicknamed the teddy bears , from the rhyming slang for gers , which in turn is short for rangers , and the fans are known to each other as `` bluenoses '' .
traditionally this is accompanied by white shorts -lrb- often with royal blue and\/or red trim -rrb- and black socks with red turn-downs .
the club 's correct name is simply rangers f.c. , although they are sometimes referred to as glasgow rangers for european matches to avoid confusion .
they tend to be nocturnal and are often confused with grasshoppers because they have a similar body structure including jumping hind legs .
crickets , family gryllidae -lrb- also known as `` true crickets '' -rrb- , are insects somewhat related to grasshoppers and more closely related to katydids or bush crickets -lrb- family tettigoniidae -rrb- .
the music video starts with a black-and-white introduction of the band 's lead singer , brendon urie , arguing with his wife .
once the railway line was extended under the street to join the two , princes bridge slowly became amalgamated into flinders street .
the first railway station in the flinders street site was called melbourne or city terminus , and was a collection of sheds .
it traveled to sandridge -lrb- now port melbourne -rrb- , over the sandridge bridge -lrb- which has now been redeveloped in 2006 as a pedestrian and cycle bridge across the yarra river -rrb- , traveling along the now light rail port melbourne line .
flinders street station is the central railway station of the rail network of melbourne , australia .
it is on the corner of flinders and swanston streets next to the yarra river in the middle of the city , stretching from swanston street to queen street and covering two city blocks .
the terminus was the first city railway station in australia , and the opening day saw the first steam train trip in the country .
note that the eastern end of platform no. 1 is designated as platform no. 14 , past the platform 1 escalators .
melbourne 's two other early central-city stations , spencer street station -lrb- now southern cross station -rrb- and princes bridge , opened in 1859 .
princes bridge was originally separated from flinders street , even though it was only on the opposite side of swanston street .
aldwych tramway station was a tram stop that was underneath kingsway . the tramway station should not to be confused with aldwych tube station .
the station closed on 6 april 1952 .
services from highbury & islington station to tower bridge and kennington gate started on 10 april 1908 .
no sign of the former station is visible on the surface or from the road tunnel however .
the strand underpass , which opened in 1964 , comes to surface level part way through the former location of the aldwych tramway station .
the music video continues with the song in the overview of the strip joint .
services running from angel islington to aldwych started on 24 february 1906 .
the oecd started 1948 as the organization for european economic co-operation -lrb- oeec -rrb- .
i think the tempo is too fast , though .
belize is a country in central america . some people in belize speak spanish or kriol , but english is the official language and the most commonly spoken .
after an early attempt at this song on 27 january 1969 during the let it be sessions , lennon announced , `` just heard that yoko 's divorce has just gone through '' , after which he and the band burst into an improvised version of the song , singing `` i 'm free at last '' instead of a part of the lyric .
george harrison described the song as `` a typical 1950s â `` '60s - period song because of its chord structure . ''
in this episode , bart fails four history exams in a row and the school psychiatrist recommends that bart repeat the fourth grade .
that night , springfield is hit with a big blizzard and the school is closed , giving bart one more day to study .
bart says that he will start to do better and tries to get the class smarty-pants martin prince to help him , but after that fails , bart prays for help .
paulo wanchope -lrb- born 31 july 1976 -rrb- is a former costa rican football player .
littlefoot : the leader of the gang , littlefoot is a `` long-neck , '' the in-universe name for apatosaurus .
at the beginning of the song 's music video , the song playing in the background is `` intermission '' , the song preceding `` but it 's better if you do '' on the a fever you ca n't sweat out cd .
homo sapiens idaltu is an extinct subspecies of homo sapiens that lived almost 160,000 years ago in africa during the pleistocene period .
a diamond jubilee is a celebration of a 60th anniversary for a person . when for a group , it is used for the 75th anniversary .
this template provides a link to a specified musicbrainz album page , via it 's permanent link .
teemu tainio -lrb- born 27 november 1979 -rrb- is a finnish football player .
palm springs is a city of florida in the united states .
because in reality , i do n't like strip clubs .
around 3500 bc people made dolmens -lrb- hunebedden -rrb- , piles of big stones . 53 of the 54 dolmens in the netherlands are in drenthe .
ther most important cities are assen -lrb- the capital -rrb- , emmen , meppel and hoogeveen .
urie plays onstage with the other members of the band and a las vegas showgirls dance group .
a plaintiff is a person who starts a lawsuit in court . sometimes a plaintiff will have to fill out a form called a summons , claim form , or complaint .
a plaintiff is a person who starts a lawsuit in court .
fumitake miura -lrb- born 12 august 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
eni 's china production began in 1992 , but it is only 1 percent of eni 's total crude oil production .
gas sales reached 99 billion cubic meters in 2007 .
eni is present in 70 countries , and currently is italy 's largest industrial company . it has a market capitalization of â 87.7 billion euros -lrb- us$ 138 billion -rrb- , as of july 24 , 2008 .
in june 2008 the company bought 57 % of distrigas , a belgian company that supplies natural gas .
in march 2009 it bought the rest of distrigas .
eni supplies natural gas .
eni operates saipem , a subsidiary , and owns 43 % of the company . saipem works in engineering , and oilfield services and construction .
its crude oil production comes primarily from libya , egypt , nigeria , the congo , the north sea , and angola . smaller amounts of crude oil production come from tunisia and in the united states .
the commission believes that eni has conspired -lrb- planned -rrb- to keep competitors from using its gas pipelines .
eni comes from the company 's original full name ente nazionale idrocarburi -lrb- national hydrocarbons agency -rrb- .
the german cross was begun by adolf hitler on 16 november 1941 as an award that was a higher level than the iron cross first class but below the knight 's cross of the iron cross . it was given in two classes : gold and silver -lrb- the color of the laurel wreath around the swastika -rrb- , the gold was given out for bravery , the silver was given out for excellence service .
this award was also available in cloth , which made for easier wear on the combat uniform .
as she gains headway , however , the police bust into the club and arrest her .
the german cross was begun by adolf hitler on 16 november 1941 as an award that was a higher level than the iron cross first class but below the knight 's cross of the iron cross .
these devices can also be operated between parallel polarizers , in which case the bright and dark states are reversed .
each pixel of a lcd is typically made of a layer of molecules which are aligned between two transparent electrodes . there are also two polarizing filters , one on each side .
in a twisted nematic device -lrb- still the most common liquid crystal device -rrb- , the surface alignment directions at the two electrodes are perpendicular to each other . the molecules therefore arrange themselves in a helical structure , or twist .
this light will then be mainly polarized perpendicular to the second filter , and thus be blocked and the pixel will appear black .
the surface of the electrodes that are in contact with the liquid crystal materials are treated so that they align the liquid crystal molecules in a particular direction .
this treatment typically consists of a thin polymer layer that is unidirectionally rubbed using , for example , a cloth .
if an electric field of one particular polarity is applied for a long period of time , this ionic material is attracted to the surfaces and degrades the device performance .
urie sees a woman who seems to be unusually interested in him .
if the applied voltage is large enough , the liquid crystal molecules in the center of the layer are almost completely untwisted and the polarization of the incident light is not rotated as it passes through the liquid crystal layer .
both the liquid crystal material and the alignment layer material contain ionic compounds .
in a multiplexed display , electrodes on one side of the display are grouped and wired together -lrb- typically in columns -rrb- , and each group gets its own voltage source .
the direction of the liquid crystal alignment is then defined by the direction of rubbing .
by controlling the voltage applied across the liquid crystal layer in each pixel , light can be allowed to pass through in varying amounts â `` this will yield different levels of gray .
the groups are designed so each pixel has a unique , unshared combination of source and sink .
electrodes are made of a transparent conductor called indium tin oxide -lrb- ito -rrb- .
because of this , these devices are usually operated between crossed polarizers such that they appear bright with no voltage -lrb- the eye is much more sensitive to variations in the dark state than the bright state -rrb- .
before applying an electric field , the orientation of the liquid crystal molecules is determined by the alignment at the surfaces .
the electronics , or the software driving the electronics then turns on sinks in sequence , and drives sources for the pixels of each sink .
when a large number of pixels are needed in a display , it is not technically possible to drive each directly since then each pixel would require independent electrodes .
this is avoided either by applying an alternating current or by reversing the polarity of the electric field as the device is addressed -lrb- the response of the liquid crystal layer is identical , regardless of the polarity of the applied field -rrb- .
most consonants -lrb- and all english consonants -rrb- are pulmonic .
a quick slap to urie 's face and his wife turns to leave .
right now there are 107 different letters in the ipa , and 52 diacritics which are used with the letters .
the international phonetic alphabet -lrb- ipa -rrb- is a system for writing down sounds .
a steam locomotive is a type of steam engine used on railways .
bacillus is also the name of some species in the bacillus group .
`` it 's a song about being in a strip club but not actually liking being in there .
the members are peter yarrow , paul -lrb- noel -rrb- stookey and mary travers .
mary travers died on september 16 , 2009 , after chemotherapy treatments for leukemia .
the bene gesserit are a group of woman -lrb- or sisterhood -rrb- from the series of novels by frank herbert .
the members were brian may -lrb- guitar -rrb- , roger taylor -lrb- drums -rrb- and tim staffell -lrb- bass and vocals -rrb- . when tim staffell left the band , freddie mercury replaced him and the band became queen .
smile was a rock band which has preceded the rock band queen .
garret augustus hobart -lrb- june 3 1844 â `` november 21 1899 -rrb- was the twenty-fourth vice president of the united states .
`` lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off '' is also the title of another song by panic at the disco .
standard time can also be used to mean the time without daylight saving time .
the owners of the major railroads met in chicago to make the standard time system .
the capital city of penang is george town . a resident of penang is known as a penangite .
it peaked at number 81 on the pop 100 chart , and number 74 on the billboard hot digital songs chart .
on august 15 , convection were made into bands , and as its winds were turning into hurricane strength , an eye developed within the storm .
after crossing florida , hurricane hunters showed a poor circulation , but with winds higher than tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles -lrb- 135 km -rrb- west of fort myers .
it was moving southwestward during that time . on august 9 , it created convection when it was passing underneath a cold-core upper-level low .
a high pressure system covered over the south-central united states , forcing the storm to move just south of due west at 25 mph -lrb- 40 km\/h -rrb- .
with well-established outflow and low levels of wind shear , erika became stronger as the circulation became better defined .
under the influence of a high pressure system , erika moved quickly westward and became stronger under favorable conditions .
hurricane erika was a atlantic hurricane that hit extreme northeastern mexico near the texas-tamaulipas border .
the rhynie chert contains exceptionally preserved plant , fungus , lichen and animal material preserved in place by an overlying volcanic deposit .
sebaceous glands are often found in hair-covered areas , where they are connected near the top of hair follicles -lrb- see image at top -rrb- .
erika was the eighth tropical cyclone , fifth tropical storm , and third hurricane of the season that year .
the storm was created from a non-tropical area of low pressure that was tracked for five days before developing in the eastern gulf of mexico on august 14 .
a weak surface area of low pressure came apart from a frontal system on august 8 .
the princess amelia -lrb- 7 august 1783 â `` 2 november 1810 -rrb- was a member of the british royal family .
cytokinesis , even though it is a very important to cell division , is not considered a stage of mitosis . during cytokinesis , the cell physically splits .
cytokinesis , even though it is a very important to cell division , is not considered a stage of mitosis .
sebaceous glands produce the oily , waxy substance called sebum -lrb- latin , meaning fat or tallow -rrb- that is made of fat -lrb- lipids -rrb- , wax , and the leftover dead fat-producing cells .
graincourt-l ã s-havrincourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
villers-br ã '' lin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
then the boat 's captain told ringo starr about how octopuses travel along the sea bed picking up stones and shiny objects to build gardens .
the backing vocals by mccartney and harrison during the guitar solo were put through compressors and limiters to create a gurgling sound .
the let it be film had a scene where george harrison is shown helping ringo starr work the song out on piano .
he added that the song gets very deep into your consciousness `` because it 's so peaceful .
it has also been performed by the muppets several times in episodes of their shows .
george martin did not produce the song , so the beatles themselves were listed as producer , with martin 's apprentice chris thomas present in the control room to help .
excess sebum has been linked to eating red meats , fried , oily or other foods , but studies are not conclusive .
tasted like chicken . '' -rrb-
the song , which contains the lyrics `` oh what joy for every girl and boy \/ knowing they 're happy and they 're safe , '' is sometimes thought of as being a song for children , like `` yellow submarine '' , `` the continuing story of bungalow bill '' or `` all together now '' .
harrison added the sound of bubbles being blown into a glass of milk using a straw .
thirty-two takes were required before the beatles were happy with the song .
a condition involving enlarged sebaceous glands is known as sebaceous hyperplasia .
douvrin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in time of world war ii met -lrb- cet -rrb- was used in eastern countries , occupied by germany .
unlike other monkeys , woolly monkeys are most likely to be found on the ground . they move much more slowly than other monkeys do , too .
beaumaris pier is still a busy base for yachts and other boats .
the town itself began in 1295 when edward i of england started to build beaumaris castle . this was one of several castle along the north wales coast - others include conwy , caernarfon and harlech .
the preputial glands of mice and rats are large modified sebaceous glands that produce pheromones .
the pier was enlarged to 570 feet after storm damage in 1872 .
the french builders called the marsh beaux marais which means `` beautiful marsh '' .
notable buildings in the town include the castle , a courthouse built in 1614 , st mary 's parish church , and the town gaol .
cuba national football team is the national football team of cuba .
anselme gaã `` tan desmarest -lrb- 1784 â `` 4 june 1838 -rrb- was a french zoologist and author .
it is commonly believed that sebum acts to save skin from drying or to waterproof hair and skin . but some scientists have contended that `` low levels of sebaceous gland activity are not correlated with dry skin '' , and it may serve little or no purpose in modern humans .
dect operates in the 1880-1900 mhz band and defines ten channels from 1881.792 mhz to 1897.344 mhz with a band gap of 1728 khz .
each base station frame provides 12 duplex speech channel with each time slot occupying any of channel .
however , they are in all skin areas except the palms and soles of the feet .
by the time mass applications for wireless internet had emerged , and the u.s. had opened up to dect , well into the new century , the industry had moved far ahead in terms of performance and dect 's time as a wireless data transport was past .
a newer standard that is similar to dect is called cat-iq the dect standard fully specifies how a portable unit , such as a cordless telephone , can access a fixed network using radio waves .
a key weakness was also the inaccessibility of the u.s. market , due to fcc spectrum restrictions at that time .
the communication with the fixed network is done through a base station which is called `` radio fixed part '' , and terminates the radio waves . the base station then uses a gateway to connect the calls to the fixed network .
other interoperability profiles exist in the dect suite of standards , and in particular the dprs -lrb- dect packet radio services -rrb- bring together a number of prior interoperability profiles for the use of dect as a wireless lan and wireless internet access service .
in the glands , sebum is produced within specialized cells and is released as these cells burst ; sebaceous glands are thus classified as holocrine glands .
the protocol capabilities built into the dect networking protocol standards were particularly good at supporting fast roaming in the public space , between hotspots operated by competing but connected providers .
dect has different profiles . a domesic dect generic access profile -lrb- gap -rrb- system typically has the following abilities :
by this time , the ism bands had become crowded in the u.s. , especially the 2.4 ghz band which is used by both the most common variants of wi-fi , 802.11 b and 802.11 g , and many cordless phones ; thus interference between unlicensed devices has become common in these bands . however , because wi-fi does not operate in the upcs band and dect devices negotiate with each other for the available spectrum , not only are dect 6.0 phones immune from this type of interference , their operation does not impair other nearby devices operating on the same frequency , which is a common issue with 2.4 ghz cordless phones .
if frequency hopping is avoided then each base station can provide up to 120 channels in the dect spectrum before frequency reuse .
these channels are reserved exclusively for voice communication applications and therefore are less likely to experience interference from other wireless devices such as baby monitors and wireless networks .
goose -lrb- plural geese -rrb- is the general english name for a large number of birds , belonging to the family anatidae .
there are several related medical conditions , including : acne , sebaceous cysts , hyperplasia , sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma -lrb- see section below : diseases -rrb- .
then the sepals may be big and colorful . in some flowers , the petals and sepals look the same .
`` to google , '' as an action word -lrb- verb -rrb- means `` to search for something on google '' . because google is so popular -lrb- over 50 % of web users use it -rrb- it has been used to mean `` to search the web '' .
estrã e is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
hugo fernã ndez -lrb- born 2 february 1945 -rrb- is a former uruguayan football manager .
in the skin pores , sebum and keratin can create a hyperkeratotic plug called a `` microcomedo '' which can block a pore and cause pimples .
thiembronne is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in 2009 , slumdog millionaire was nominated for 10 academy awards and won 8 , including best picture .
slumdog millionaire is a 2008 british film .
it was directed by danny boyle and based on the novel q&a by vikas swarup , although the movie is very different from the book .
ligny-thilloy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the football league cup is a national football competition between all league clubs in england .
the oldest known insect -lrb- rhyniognatha hirsti -rrb- , which resembles the modern springtails , was found in the rhynie chert , pushing dates for the origination of insects back to the silurian period .
in females , they appear predominantly in the labia minora .
karl-heinz riedle -lrb- born 16 september , 1965 -rrb- is a former german football player .
amenia is a community in dutchess county , new york , united states .
the metropolitan tabernacle at elephant and castle still worships there .
the new park street chapel was a reformed baptist church in southwark , london . it was built in 1833 .
the volkswagen golf cabriolet is the cabriolet version of the volkswagen golf , introduced in 1979 .
yuji sugano -lrb- born 14 april 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
he is known for his precise analysis of his characters ' psychology . his two most famous novels are le rouge et le noir -lrb- the red and the black , 1830 -rrb- and la chartreuse de parme -lrb- the charterhouse of parma , 1839 -rrb- .
the activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens .
finnegans wake is the last book written by the irish writer james joyce .
finnegans wake is the last book written by the irish writer james joyce . it was published in 1939 .
ernest gary gygax -lrb- july 27 , 1938 -- march 4 , 2008 -rrb- -lrb- ipa : -lrb- ë gaj . gã ks -rrb- -rrb- was an american writer and game designer , best known for co-creating the early role-playing game dungeons & dragons -lrb- d&d -rrb- with dave arneson in 1974 .
he completed the season with 5 goals and 2 assists in 8 games â `` the lone nhl stint of his career .
smart retired after the 1950 â `` 51 season spent with eastview .
affiliated with the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league , smart was called up to the nhl in 1943 and , on january 14 , became the first player in league history to score a hat trick in his nhl debut -lrb- this feat was later matched by rã al cloutier of the quebec nordiques in 1979 , fabian brunnstrã m of the dallas stars in 2008 , and derek stepan of the new york rangers in 2010 -rrb- .
canadiens to the quebec senior hockey league -lrb- qshl -rrb- .
a blocked sebaceous gland can result in a sebaceous cyst .
smart spent the remainder of his career in the qshl with the montreal royals and ottawa senators with the exception of one more season in the mchl with the montreal vickers and the final season of his career in the ovhl with eastview st. charles .
in 1937 â `` 38 , joined the senior ranks with the toronto marlboros of the ontario hockey association and scored 23 points in 12 games at a goal-per-game pace .
he played one season for the montreal canadiens of the national hockey league and spent the majority of his career in the quebec senior hockey league .
alexander smart -lrb- may 29 , 1918 â `` april 18 , 2005 -rrb- was a canadian ice hockey forward .
born in brandon , manitoba , smart played junior hockey in the manitoba junior hockey league with the portage terriers for two seasons .
the following season , he began a three-year stint in the montreal city hockey league -lrb- mchl -rrb- with the verdun maple leafs and montreal sr. .
the pieces of bread in a sandwich are referred to as slices or sheets of bread . the snack is thought to have been made first for the earl of sandwich , hence the name .
another accepted sandwich variant is the toasted sandwich in which the bread has been put into a toaster .
there are different kinds of these glands and sebum .
the chief executive is andrew demetriou .
the australian football league -lrb- afl -rrb- is the australian national league in the sport of australian rules football .
bours , pas-de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
plane stupid was started in 2005 by joss garman , richard george and graham thompson .
kozo arai -lrb- born 24 october 1950 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the game first started in 2001 as runescape -lrb- now referred to as runescape classic -rrb- , but the code and graphics engine was rewritten in 2004 to form runescape 2 , the game that is playable today .
certain species of demodex mites feed on sebum and are commonly found in the sebaceous glands of mammals , including those of humans .
biathlon -lrb- not to be confused with duathlon -rrb- is a term used to describe any sporting event made up of two disciplines . however , biathlon usually refers specifically to the winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting .
however , biathlon usually refers specifically to the winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting .
another popular variant is summer biathlon , which combines cross-country running with riflery .
biathlon -lrb- not to be confused with duathlon -rrb- is a term used to describe any sporting event made up of two disciplines .
neuville-sur-ain is a commune .
the bell was ordered from the london firm of lester and pack -lrb- which is known as the whitechapel bell foundry today -rrb- in 1752 . it had the letters `` proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof . ''
we hope and rely -lrb- trust -rrb- on thy -lrb- your -rrb- care and assistance -lrb- help -rrb- in this affair and that thou -lrb- you -rrb- wilt -lrb- will -rrb- procure -lrb- get -rrb- and forward it by the first good oppo as our workmen inform us it will be much less trouble to hang the bell before their scaffolds are struck from the building where we intend -lrb- wish -rrb- to place it which will not be done 'till the end of next summer or beginning of the fall .
the short story was about an old man on july 4 , 1776 . it described how he was sitting sadly by the bell , afraid that congress would not be able to declare independence .
sebum can also build up around body piercings .
from the 1885 , the city of philadelphia , which owned the bell , allowed it to go to many different patriotic meetings .
the bell became widely famous after a short story in 1847 claimed that an old bell-ringer rang it on july 4 , 1776 , after hearing the second continental congress 's vote for independence .
when it was first made , the liberty bell was used to make lawmakers come to legislative meetings .
bells were rung when the declaration of independence was read on july 8 , 1776 . while there is no record that the liberty bell was rung , most historians believe it was rung with the other bells .
the bell got its large , well-known crack in the early 19th century . one story claims it was cracked while ringing after chief justice john marshall died in 1835 .
at the rim of the eyelids , meibomian glands are a specialized form of sebaceous gland .
isaac norris , speaker of the pennsylvania provincial assembly , ordered the colony 's london agent , robert charles , to get a `` good bell of about two thousands pound weight '' .
the prescription medicine isotretinoin significantly reduces the amount of sebum produced by the sebaceous glands , and is used to treat acne .
so charles paid lester and pack -lrb- today the whitechapel bell foundry -rrb- â # 150 13s 8d , -lrb- the same amount of money as about $ 36,400 today -rrb- for the bell , including the cost of taking it to philadelphia and its insurance .
the gucci cars had striped green , red , and buff material inside , as well as the gucci 's logos and outside color selections .
the frill served mainly to protect the vulnerable neck from bipedal predators like tyrannosaurus , who attacked from above .
later members , including centrosaurus and triceratops , became very large quadrupeds . they developed elaborate facial horns and a neck frill .
puerto rico national football team is the national football team of puerto rico .
in australia , any stillborn fetus that weighs more than 400 grams and lived in the mother for more than 20 weeks must be registered .
oscar benjamin cintas , -lrb- b. sagua la grande , cuba , 1887 ; d. new york city , n.y. 1957 -rrb- was an important sugar and railroad magnate . he served as cubaâ s ambassador to the united states from 1932 until 1934 .
inside a spring scale is a spring .
in people , the lipid content is as follows :
vlc media player is a free software media player by the videolan project , also called `` vlc '' or `` videolan client '' .
vlc uses a large number of free decoding and encoding libraries .
the icon of vlc is a traffic cones collected by ecole centrale 's networking students ' association .
vlc gained honor as the first player to support playback of encrypted dvds on linux by using the libdvdcss dvd library .
vlc also supports highly personalizable skins through the skins2 interface , winamp 2 and xmms skins and can play high definition recordings of d-vhs tapes duplicated to a computer using capdvhs .
ivergny is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
this is however normal , not to be confused with an std .
sometimes , when the fish is too heavy , the eagle will be dragged into the water with it .
the lakota people , for instance , give an eagle feather as a symbol of honor to a person who achieves a task .
the bald eagle was an endangered species in 1967 , and the penalties for people who killed the species grew more and more .
eagles have special things on their toes called spiricules that help them hold the fish more easily .
to keep bald eagles in captivity , the workers had to be experienced in caring for eagles .
female eagles laid eggs that were too weak to withstand the weight of its parents .
this is because , it is used again and again , and every year more is added to the nest until it may soon become as large as 4 m deep , 2.5 m across and weigh 1 tonne . one nest in florida was found to be 6.1 m deep , 2.9 m across , and to weigh 3 s. the nest is built out of branches , usually in large trees near water .
it is thought that bald eagles mate for life .
in the eyelids , meibomian sebaceous glands emit a special kind of sebum into tears .
the continental congress made the design for the great seal of the united states with a bald eagle holding thirteen arrows and an olive branch with thirteen leaves in its talons on june 20 , 1782 .
ddt was completely banned in canada in 1989 .
if there are no trees , the bald eagle will make its nest on the ground .
this sea eagle gets both its common and scientific names from its head .
the bald eagle is a holy bird in some north american cultures .
the bald eagle can live a long time in captivity if well cared for , but does not mate well , even under the best care .
the sebaceous glands are microscopic -lrb- tiny -rrb- glands in the skin which produce an oily\/waxy substance , called sebum , to lubricate -lrb- oil -rrb- the skin and hair .
in the early 1700s , the number of bald eagles were 300,000 â `` 500,000 , but by the 1950s there were only 412 nesting pairs in the united states .
healthy adult bald eagles are not eaten anywhere in the wild .
there is a popular legend that benjamin franklin once supported the wild turkey as a symbol of the united states instead of the bald eagle . however , there is no evidence that this is true .
the bald eagle 's natural home is in most of north america , including most of canada , all of the united states , and northern mexico .
the bald eagle -lrb- latin name : haliaeetus leucocephalus -rrb- is a bird of prey that lives in north america .
to hunt fish the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons .
the bald eagle is a kind of sea eagle -lrb- it is sometimes called by this name -rrb- .
the bald eagle is the national bird of the united states .
also , in 1972 , ddt was banned in the united states .
sebaceous gland carcinoma is a very uncommon and aggressive form of cancer involving the sebaceous glands ; sebaceous adenoma is a more benign neoplasm of the sebaceous glands .
a whistle made from the wing bone of an eagle is used during the dance .
the pawnee people thought eagles as symbols of nature and fertility . this is because their nests are built high off the ground , and because they protect their young very bravely .
the 1940 bald eagle protection act in the united states also tried to stop the killing of the bald eagle and the golden eagle .
the legend comes from the letter franklin wrote to his daughter in 1784 from paris .
bald eagles have powerful talons . they have been recorded flying with a 7kg fawn .
the glands deposit sebum on each hair , and bring it to the skin surface along the hair shaft .
the bald eagle can be found on both national seals and on the back of several coins -lrb- including the quarter dollar coin until 1999 -rrb- .
bald in the english name is from the word piebald , which means , `` one with a white head '' .
when they do so , two mates may fly high , and then lock their talons together , and fall , parting again right before hitting the ground .
the ddt destroyed an adult bird 's calcium , and it would become unable to lay more healthy eggs .
before bald eagles become adults , their wings are brown , and they are usually speckled with white dots until the fifth year . the differences between bald eagles and golden eagles are that bald eagles have a larger head with a bigger beak , and their legs do not have feathers .
however , this letter was about the society of the cincinnati , and it did not say anything about the bald eagle or the wild turkey .
the bald eagle lives mostly near seas , rivers , large lakes , oceans , and other large places with open water and a lot of fish .
bald eagles become adults when they are four or five years old .
also during the dance , a medicine man may direct his fan , which is made of eagle feathers , to people who need healing .
the scientific name is from haliaeetus , which is latin for `` sea eagle '' .
the structure consisting of hair , hair follicle , arrector pili muscle , and sebaceous gland is known as a pilosebaceous unit .
bald eagles in the wild usually live around 20 years , with the oldest ones living to be about 30 .
the differences between bald eagles and golden eagles are that bald eagles have a larger head with a bigger beak , and their legs do not have feathers .
from 1984 until his death , he was the british poet laureate .
gordon david strachan obe -lrb- born 9 february 1957 in edinburgh -rrb- is a retired scottish football player , and is now a football manager .
as a branched kind of acinar gland , the sebaceous glands are found in people all over the skin except in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet .
you may use external websites as a source of information , but not as a source of article content such as sentences or images .
for legal reasons , we can not accept copyrighted text or images borrowed from other web sites or printed material ; such additions will be deleted .
on september 5 , fabian made a direct hit on the island of bermuda with wind speeds of over 120 mph -lrb- 195 km\/h -rrb- .
the endangered bermuda petrel , better known as the cahow , was threatened by the hurricane , which destroyed ten nests , although volunteer work transported the species to a safer location .
it was both the most damaging and the first hurricane to cause a death on the island since 1926 .
fabian developed from a tropical wave in the tropical atlantic ocean on august 25 .
hurricane fabian was a powerful cape verde-type hurricane that hit bermuda in early september during the 2003 atlantic hurricane season .
the hurricane attained a peak intensity of 145 mph -lrb- 230 km\/h -rrb- on september 1 , and it slowly weakened as it turned northward .
also , sapienic acid is a sebum fatty acid that is found only in people , not in animals .
after passing the island , the hurricane turned to the northeast , and became extratropical on september 8 .
the hurricane 's powerful winds resulted in moderate damage and destroyed roofs throughout the island .
in all , fabian caused around $ 300 million -lrb- 2003 usd , $ 357 million in damage and eight deaths .
fabian was the strongest hurricane to hit bermuda since hurricane arlene in 1963 .
it moved west-northwestward under the influence of the subtropical ridge to its north , and steadily strengthened in an area of warm water temperatures and light wind shear .
strong swells resulted in damage in northern puerto rico and the dominican republic , and also caused four people to drown along the united states ' atlantic coast .
a strong storm surge associated with the hurricane killed four people crossing a causeway on bermuda , temporarily closing the only link between two islands .
central florida tends to be thought of as the area around metropolitan orlando , including orange , osceola , seminole , lake , brevard , and volusia counties .
the sebaceous gland is stimulated due to some steroid conversion into dihydrotestosterone .
polk , flagler , and sumter counties are considered by some , including the local media , to be part of central florida .
newport news is a city of virginia in the united states , located in the hampton roads metro area about 80 miles southeast of the state capital , richmond .
the british rail class 60 is a class of co-co diesel locomotive designed for heavy freight work .
recent genome analysis has shown that they are closely related to rotifers .
they may be called known as acanthocephales , thorny-headed worms , or spiny-headed worms . they have an evertable proboscis , armed with spines , which they use to pierce and hold the gut wall of the host .
sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as oily skin , acne , and keratosis pilaris .
the most literal translation of geisha to english is `` artist '' .
the clients hire the service of geishas through the geisha union office -lrb- æ ç kenban -rrb- , which takes care of the geisha 's schedule and makes her appointments both for entertaining and for training .
the traditional image of the geisha in white make-up and kimono of many bright colors is really the maiko .
the term `` geisha '' is made of two japanese words , -lrb- gei -rrb- meaning `` art '' and è -lrb- sha -rrb- meaning `` person who does '' or `` to be employed in '' .
in the 1920s there were over 80,000 geisha in japan , but today there are far fewer .
daughters of geisha were often educated as geisha themselves .
the extreme use -lrb- up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts -rrb- of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders , for muscle gain can also cause acne .
the elegant world that geisha are a part of is called `` karyå `` kai '' -lrb- `` the flower and willow world '' -rrb- .
after a short time , the third -lrb- and most famous -rrb- stage of training begins , called `` maiko '' .
apprentice geisha are called `` maiko '' .
modern geisha still live in traditional geisha houses called `` okiya '' -lrb- `` geisha house '' -rrb- in neighborhoods named `` hanamachi '' -lrb- `` flower towns '' -rrb- . however , most older geisha who are successful have their own home .
the exact number of geishas today is not known , but is estimated to be from 1,000 to 2,000 .
sebum is the cause of some people experiencing `` oily '' hair , as in hot weather or if not washed for several days .
physical abuse is a form of abuse which causes feelings of pain , injury , or other physical suffering .
if so , they are the nominate sumatran siamang -lrb- s. s. syndactylus -rrb- and the malaysian siamang -lrb- s. s. continentis , in peninsular malaysia -rrb- .
the siamang -lrb- symphalangus syndactylus -rrb- is a tailless , black furred gibbon native to the forests of malaysia , thailand , and sumatra . it lives in trees , that 's why it is called arboreal .
sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas -lrb- glabrous skin -rrb- of the eyelids , nose , penis , labia minora , and nipples .
while the illegal buying and selling of pets takes a toll on wild populations , the main threat to the siamang is habitat loss in both malaysia and sumatra .
with the creation of the peravia , san josã de ocoa was a municipality of that new province . then , on 6 september 2000 , san josã de ocoa was made a new province .
in males , sebaceous glands begin to appear predominantly on the penis , on the shaft and around the rim of the penile head during and after puberty .
naloxone is used in emergency cases of overdose . naltrexone than for longer-term dependence control .
naltrexone can help with overdose , but naloxone is more helpful in those cases .
the areopagus is a hill in athens , where many councils and tribunals were held . isocrates wanted to restore one of these tribunals when he wrote the speech .
dan morgan -lrb- 1830 - 9 april 1865 , -rrb- was an australian bushranger .
`` re-education -lrb- through labor -rrb- '' is the first single from the american punk rock band rise against 's fifth studio album , appeal to reason .
the sebaceous glands of a human fetus in utero secrete a substance called vernix caseosa , a `` waxy '' or `` cheesy '' white substance covering the skin of newborn babies .
a limited physical version of the single was released on 7 '' vinyl and can be gotten only by pre-ordering appeal to reason .
the single was released digitally to digital stores and radio stations on august 25 , 2008 .
the official record of everything said in the dã il is called or . volume -lrb- book -rrb- one starts on the day the third dã il met , so the record of the first dã il is called book f , and the second dã il starts with book s.
dã il ã ireann is the lower house of the parliament of ireland .
this event may cause serious acne on the face , neck , chest , back and shoulders .
a public figure is a legal term applied in the context of defamation actions -lrb- libel and slander -rrb- , as well as invasion of privacy .
lincoln became a member of ford around 1922 and was founded by henry m. leland .
chemical similarity or molecular similarity is a similarity between two different molecules . two molecules with chemical similarity may do the same or a very similar thing in an organism .
the current head teacher is dr andrew gillespie who took over from cathy long in january 2008 .
here , the sebum travels along ducts which end inside sweat pores near the surface of the skin .
the school has an all weather sports pitch which which the wycombe wanderers first team sometimes train on .
in september 2004 the department for education and skills -lrb- dfes -rrb- awarded the school status as a science college .
burnham grammar school -lrb- bgs -rrb- is a children 's grammar school in burnham , buckinghamshire .
martin erat -lrb- born august 28 , 1981 in tå ebã ä , czechoslovakia -rrb- is an nhl ice hockey right winger that currently plays for the nashville predators .
martin also has a older brother named roman who also plays hockey but does n't play in the nhl .
it was released on dvd in the united states on june 27 , 2006 , a few days after the tv series finale .
leroy & stitch is an animated movie made by walt disney television animation .
it is a spin-off disney channel movie of the 2002 animated movie lilo & stitch and the end of the television series lilo & stitch : the series .
the movie premiered on the disney channel on june 23 , 2006 and also aired on toon disney on june 26 , 2006 .
they secrete a form of sebum -lrb- known as meibum -rrb- onto the eye , which slows the drying of tears .
so the sunlight can not reach the spot . the dark image , which the object casts on the ground -lrb- or on another object -rrb- is called shadow , not shade .
dhurnal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of talagang tehsil and is located at 32 â 47 ' 60n 72 â 5 ' 60e .
before fallen was released , evanescence made two eps -lrb- evanescence ep and sound asleep ep -rrb- and one demo cd called origin .
it is also one of the eight albums to stay for at least a year within the billboard top 50 charts .
evanescence is a rock band from the united states . the band was formed in little rock , arkansas by amy lee and ben moody in 1995 .
the people who founded evanescence are singer , songwriter and pianist amy lee and guitarist and songwriter ben moody who is no longer a member in the band .
in 2004 , evanescence released anywhere but home , their first live album .
the band 's first album is fallen , which was released in 2003 .
fallen became a worldwide success , and spent 43 weeks on the billboard top 10 charts . it sold over 15 million copies and was certified 7x platinum in the united states .
the three also worked on previous evanescence songs . the band also signed their first major label in early 2003 and started working on fallen .
three of lee and moody 's friends joined the band . they were john lecompt , rocky gray and will boyd .
they met in a youth camp in 1994 , when moody heard lee playing a song on the piano .
they were replaced for some time by will hunt and troy mclawhorn , who are from the band dark new day .
according to legend she was born in the same manner as the buddha , a sanskrit mantra sounding as her mother gave birth painlessly . she is considered a reincarnation of the buddha 's own mother .
in fact , she displays whatever emanation form will tame any given -lrb- person -rrb- , just as , for example , the full moon in the sky emerges as -lrb- various -rrb- reflections in different water vessels .
her name -lrb- `` primordial -lrb- ye -rrb- wisdom -lrb- shes -rrb- queen -lrb- rgyal mo -rrb- of the lake -lrb- tso -rrb- '' -rrb- derives from her birth causing a nearby lake to double in size .
the vast majority of peppers can be found within the two main genera : piper -lrb- 2000 species -rrb- and peperomia -lrb- 1600 species -rrb- .
as a young girl , she is said to have prayed for the happiness of all sentient beings .
yeshe tsogyel -lrb- , rhymes with `` may say so well '' -rrb- is also known in the nyingma tradition of tibetan buddhism as the great bliss queen . she is both a woman and a female deity called a dakini .
she lived from 757 to 817 , and was the wife of emperor trisong detsen -lrb- 740 - c. 798 -rrb- who invited padmasambhava to tibet : from the mouth of a lotus was born the swift goddess , heroic liberator who went forth in human form amid the snowy mountains of tibet .
john edward schella -lrb- born may 9 , 1947 in port arthur , ontario -rrb- is a retired professional ice hockey player . during his career he played 385 games for the houston aeros in the world hockey association and 115 games for the vancouver canucks in the national hockey league .
the template is for wgs84 geographical coordinates -lrb- latitude ; longitude -rrb- on earth , which can be entered in either decimal notation , or degrees\/minutes\/seconds parameters , with the appropriate precision .
see how do i get my wikipedia article to show up in the google earth geographic web layer ? .
botvinnik fell two games behind by the end of the first six , played in moscow .
is used by tools which parse the raw wikipedia database dumps , such as google earth .
all parameters can be used as before - see usage .
clicking the blue globe activates the wikiminiatlas -lrb- needs javascript -rrb- .
see also wikiproject geographical coordinates .
kanye west 's 2007 song stronger from the album graduation uses a sample from harder , better , faster , stronger .
souclin is a commune .
it currently is a mix of interviews , news , opinions , tv and shopping aimed at men and women .
this is a partial list of the various lists of astronomical objects which either exist , or should exist , in wikipedia .
joã # o carlos batista pinheiro -lrb- born 13 january , 1932 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
oscar ruggeri -lrb- born 26 january 1962 -rrb- is a former argentine football player .
thespa kusatsu is a football club which plays in japan .
berniã res-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
paulo sousa -lrb- born 30 august 1970 -rrb- is a former portuguese football player .
a partial skeleton was discovered in 2001 .
at first , scientists thought they had found mandibles and skulls belonging to homo ergaster , but size differences led them to name a new species .
in africa , the australopithecines and early homo represent two distinctive evolutionary paths sharing a common ancestor .
in georgia the specimens , with a brain half the size of anatomically modern humans , were the smallest found until the discovery of homo floresiensis on the island of flores in 2003 .
the assemblage includes one of the largest pleistocene homo mandibles -lrb- d2600 -rrb- , one of the smallest lower pleistocene mandibles -lrb- d211 -rrb- , a nearly complete subâ adult -lrb- d2735 -rrb- , and a completely edentulous specimen -lrb- d3900 -rrb- .
at around 600 cmâ brain volume , the skull d2700 is dated to 1.77 million years old and in good condition offering insights in comparison to the modern human cranial morphology .
homo georgicus is a species of homo that was proposed in 2002 . it is based on fossil skulls and jaws found in dmanisi , georgia in 1999 and 2001 , which seem intermediate between homo habilis and h. erectus .
later , four fossil skeletons were found , showing a species primitive in its skull and upper body but with relatively advanced spines and lower limbs , providing greater mobility .
implements and animal bones were found alongside the ancient human remains .
therefore perfume is developed to remove body smell . to make a perfume , alcohol is needed .
result of this , use of perfume is not so high .
automatix allowed the menu-driven installation of 56 different â capabilitiesâ , including commercial closed source programs such as the flash plugin , acrobat reader , multimedia codecs -lrb- divx , mp3 , windows media audio -rrb- and fonts , and programming compilers .
kunio nagayama -lrb- born 16 september 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
money talks is a 1997 action\/comedy film directed by brett ratner and starring chris tucker and charlie sheen .
the northern line is a deep-level tube line on the london underground , colored black on the tube map .
tel aviv , haifa , beersheba and rishon lezion are also large cities .
it is known as the cultural capital of kerala .
lalleyriat is a commune .
naphthalene is toxic .
in humans , being exposed to naphthalene can destroy red blood cells .
wettin castle is located in wettin , saxony-anhalt in the hosgau on the saale river .
the house of wettin was a dynasty of german counts , dukes , prince-electors -lrb- kurfã 1\/4 rsten -rrb- and kings that ruled in what is known today as the german states of saxony and thuringia for more than 800 years .
around 1000 , as part of the german conquest of slavic territory , the family got wettin castle and changed their name .
`` priest '' , `` mother 's day '' , and `` lullaby -lrb- the divorce song -rrb- '' were originally recorded on his first cd a little bit special .
; graphics the gpu is part of the cpu and is called intel hd graphics 3000 . the 15 '' and 17 '' models also have either a separate amd radeon hd 6490m or amd radeon hd 6750m .
macbook pros are currently housed in aluminum metal and are currently available in 13 '' , 15 '' and 17 '' models .
a macbook pro is a type of laptop computer made by apple inc. .
hayley wickenheiser -lrb- born august 12 , 1978 in shaunavon , saskatchewan -rrb- is an women 's olympic ice hockey forward that plays for team canada .
she is the first woman to play full time pro hockey in a position other than goaltender .
urban is married to actress nicole kidman where he met at g ` day la , a hollywood event honoring australians and the two have 1 child : sunday rose kidman urban -lrb- born july 7 , 2008 -rrb- .
the incarnation is the belief that jesus , who is the non-created second person of the triune god ; took on a human body and everything that is human and became both man and god .
in recent past , another doctrine known as `` oneness '' has gained credit amongst pentecostal groups -lrb- see below -rrb- , but has been rejected by other christians .
netball is a sport played in two teams of seven .
hitoshi sogahata -lrb- born 2 august 1979 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for kashima antlers .
ammonium hydroxide can refer to household ammonia or a more concentrated solution of ammonia in water .
about 2 million individual pieces of glass make up the cathedral 's 128 stained glass windows .
walter de gray was made archbishop in 1215 and ordered the construction of a gothic structure to compare with canterbury ; building began in 1220 .
the nave contains the west window , constructed in 1338 .
the english reformation led to the first anglican archbishop . some of the cathedral 's treasures were taken by the crown , and the church lost some of its land .
in the english civil war the city was besieged and fell to the forces of cromwell in 1644 , but thomas fairfax prevented any further damage to the cathedral .
the church was damaged in 1069 , but the first norman archbishop , arriving in 1070 , organised repairs .
the title minster is given to churches which in the anglo-saxon period were missionary teaching churches .
some of the stained glass in york minster dates back to the twelfth century .
built in the norman style , it was 111 m -lrb- 364.173 ft -rrb- long .
it is the ` seat ' of the archbishop of york , the second-ranked religious official of the church of england . the minster is run by a chapter -lrb- committee -rrb- under the dean of york , who manages the affairs of the minster .
york has had a christian presence from the 300s .
the benedictine archbishop ealdred traveled to westminster to crown william in 1066 .
the church and the entire area then passed through the hands of norse invaders .
under elizabeth i there was an effort to remove all traces of the roman catholic church from the cathedral ; there was much destruction of tombs , windows , and altars .
much of the glass was removed before and pieced back together after the first and second world wars , and the windows are constantly being cleaned and restored to keep their beauty intact .
the minster has a wide , decorated gothic nave -lrb- where the congregation sits -rrb- and chapter house .
ealdred died in 1069 and was buried in the church .
if the office of the president of pakistan becomes vacant , or the president is unable to perform his functions , the chairman of the senate acts as president until a president is elected .
elections are held every three years for one half of the senate and each senator has a term of six years .
the major oak is the main tree in sherwood forest .
in june 2002 , the tree council decided that the major oak was one of fifty `` great british trees '' in because of its place in the national heritage .
it weighs an estimated 23 tons , has a waistline of 33 feet -lrb- 10m -rrb- , and is about 800 â `` 1000 years old . .
guã nes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the first war -lrb- 1296 â `` 1328 -rrb- began with the english invasion of scotland in 1296 , and ended with the signing of the treaty of edinburgh-northampton in 1328 .
the wars of scottish independence were a series of military campaigns fought between scotland and england in the late 13th and early 14th centuries .
at the end of both wars , scotland still was a free and independent nation , which was her main aim throughout the conflict .
the wars were part of a great national crisis for scotland and the period became one of the most important moments in the nation 's history .
the second war -lrb- 1332 â `` 1357 -rrb- began with the english-supported invasion of edward balliol and the ` disinherited ' in 1332 , and ended around 1357 with the signing of the treaty of berwick .
on a rest day during the event , world champion josã raã l capablanca gave a simultaneous exhibition in leningrad .
after defeating daroach , the mouse hands over the treasure chest he believes to contain kirby 's cake .
kirby : squeak squad , known in japan as hoshi no kirby : sanjå ! dorotche dan is a platform video game made by flagship and hal laboratory , and published by nintendo for the nintendo ds game console .
kirby travels through several areas looking for his cake and fighting the squeaks several times . he eventually confronts daroach , the squeaks ' leader .
the chambeshi river in zambia is usually taken as the source of the congo because of the accepted practice worldwide of using the longest tributary , as with the nile river .
because large parts of the river basin sit above and below the equator , its flow is very good , as there is always at least one river having a rainy season .
the congo gets its name from the old kingdom of kongo which made their home in the lands at the mouth of the river .
the congo flows mostly west from kisangani just below the falls , then slowly bends southwest , passing by mbandaka , joining with the ubangi river , and running into the pool malebo -lrb- stanley pool -rrb- .
the sources of the congo are in the highlands and mountains of the east african rift , as well as lake tanganyika and lake mweru , which feed the lualaba river . this then becomes the congo below boyoma falls .
kinshasa -lrb- formerly lã opoldville -rrb- and brazzaville are on opposite sides of the river at the pool , where the river narrows and falls through a few cataracts in deep canyons -lrb- collectively known as the livingstone falls -rrb- , running by matadi and boma , and into the sea at the small town of muanda .
in february of 2005 , south africa 's power company owned by the state , eskom , said that they had a proposal to increase the holding amount of the inga a lot through improvements and the building of a new hydroelectric dam .
railways now cross the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton .
the congo river -lrb- also known as zaire river -rrb- is the largest river in western central africa .
maltose -lrb- known as malt sugar -rrb- is a disaccharide -lrb- sometimes called di-glucose -rrb- . it is formed from two glucose molecules joined together at carbons 1 and 4 .
later , harry potter and ginerva weasley named their youngest son after albus dumbledore and severus snape . harry confesses to his son albus severus that severus snape was the bravest man he ever knew even though while still at school , snape had been the teacher that harry had hated the most because of snape 's bad behavior towards harry .
snape killed dumbledore in the sixth book because he has asked him to do that . voldemort believed snape killed him because voldemort had planned snape to do that .
he is also known to be a death eater but after voldemort started hunting lily evans , the woman snape had loved since he was a child , he asked albus dumbledore to find a safe place for the potters because he knew voldemort wanted to kill their son , harry potter . as dumbledore was not able to save the potters , snape 's sorrow was real and extremely deep , he gained dumbledore 's trust .
voldemort believed snape killed him because voldemort had planned snape to do that .
snape did n't kill himself after lily 's death only because of the green eyes he had loved that lily 's son had inherited from her . just before snape 's death in the seventh book snape asks harry to do the last thing for him .
harry confesses to his son albus severus that severus snape was the bravest man he ever knew even though while still at school , snape had been the teacher that harry had hated the most because of snape 's bad behavior towards harry . snape was so mean to harry because of harry 's father , james potter , that had bullied snape while they were at hogwarts .
these two stands have their advertising slogans changed whenever the club 's sponsor changes .
it is an unusual structure in that the steel girders run for the full length of the pitch , but the stand only runs for two thirds the length of the pitch .
fir park is a football stadium in motherwell , north lanarkshire , scotland .
this was due to a dispute with a home owner beside the stadium during construction , which the club lost , and thus were unable to complete the stand across the whole length of the pitch .
the stand was renamed the phil o'donnell stand in honor of the late motherwell captain who died on the fir park pitch .
today , the stadium has an unbalanced look , with one large stand aside three smaller stands .
opposite the east stand is the the phil o'donnell stand , which was previously known as the main stand .
british rail allocated class 499 to a fleet of six luggage vans used in electric multiple unit formations on boat train services between london and dover .
in 1945 he dominated the tournament , scoring 15\/17 ; in 1952 he tied with mark taimanov and won the play-off match .
in 1813 his family , including dorothy , moved to rydal mount , ambleside -lrb- between grasmere and rydal water -rrb- , where he spent the rest of his life .
war between france and britain prevented him from seeing annette and caroline again for several years .
through this period , many of his poems speak of death , endurance , separation , and grief .
here , wordsworth also gives his famous definition of poetry as `` the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings from emotions recollected in tranquility . ''
because he was poor and there were tensions between britain and france , he returned alone to england the next year .
viktor baturinsky wrote `` now came botvinnik 's turn to defend his title in accordance with the new qualifying system which he himself had outlined in 1946 '' .
william wordsworth -lrb- april 7 , 1770 â `` april 23 , 1850 -rrb- was an important poet of the romantic age in english literature .
in 1793 wordsworth published the poetry collections an evening walk and descriptive sketches .
the preface to lyrical ballads is considered a central work of romantic literary theory .
together , wordsworth and coleridge produced lyrical ballads -lrb- 1798 -rrb- , an important work in the english romantic movement .
he fell in love with a french woman , annette vallon , who in 1792 gave birth to their child , caroline .
he also wrote a number of famous poems , including `` the lucy poems . ''
in it , wordsworth discusses what he sees as the elements of a new type of poetry , one based on the `` real language of men '' and which avoids the poetic diction of much eighteenth-century poetry .
mikhail botvinnik later said , `` i am a jew by blood , russian by culture , soviet by upbringing '' .
wordsworth was england 's poet laureate from 1843 until his death in 1850 .
the river aln is a river in the county of northumberland .
tencent qq , also known as qq , is a popular instant messaging software in mainland china .
cambodia managed fourth in soccer in the 1972 southeast asian games .
in cambodia , people play many sports .
the angkor civilization is the world 's largest pre-industrial civilization . one of the buildings from angkor is a hindu\/buddhist temple called angkor wat which is the world 's largest religious structure .
most of the stations are under the ground . the stations in the loop are flinders street station , southern cross station , parliament , melbourne central and flagstaff .
these are called `` essential amino acids '' and different animals have different amino acids they are not able to create .
animals have certain amino acids they are not able to create this way , and must get from their food . these are called `` essential amino acids '' and different animals have different amino acids they are not able to create .
animals eat proteins and break them down into amino acids in order to recombine them into other things needed , including other proteins and other amino acids . animals have certain amino acids they are not able to create this way , and must get from their food .
these are called `` essential amino acids '' and different animals have different amino acids they are not able to create . meat contains all the essential amino acids humans need ; most plants do not .
other topics studied in thermal physics include : chemical potential , the quantum nature of an ideal gas , i.e. in terms of fermions and bosons , bose-einstein condensation , gibbs free energy , helmholtz free energy , chemical equilibrium , phase equilibrium , the equipartition theorem , entropy at absolute zero , and transport processes as mean free path , viscosity , and conduction .
the electromagnetic nature of photons and phonons are studied which show that the oscillations of electromagnetic fields and of crystal lattices have much in common .
waves form a basis for both , provided one incorporates quantum theory .
this umbrella-subject is typically designed for physics students and functions to provide a general introduction to each of three core heat-related subjects .
other authors , however , define thermal physics loosely as a summation of only thermodynamics and statistical mechanics .
condeissiat is a commune .
he died at the same day as ingmar bergman , another famous director .
michelangelo antonioni -lrb- september 29 1912 â `` july 30 , 2007 -rrb- was born in rome , italy . he was a film director .
big ben is the nickname of a bell that rings in the clock tower at the northern end of the houses of parliament in westminster , london , england . officially , the tower itself is called the clock tower , palace of westminster .
fort amsterdam -lrb- later called fort james , fort willem hendrick , fort james -lrb- again -rrb- , fort william , fort anne and fort george between british and dutch rule -rrb- was a fort on the southern tip of modern-day manhattan that was the administrative headquarters for the dutch and then british rule of new york from 1625 to 1790 , when it was torn down after the american revolution .
red riding hood , in this re-telling , is the daughter of a highway man called riding hood .
the second section of repeating parts of the story happens when red riding hood sees the wolf in her grandmother 's bed . red riding hood says `` oh granny , what big eyes you 've got ! ''
`` from this story one learns that children , especially young lasses , pretty , courteous and well-bred , do very wrong to listen to strangers ... all wolves are not of the same sort ... there is one kind -lrb- that is not -rrb- noisy , nor hateful , nor angry , but tame , obliging and gentle , following the young maids in the streets , even into their homes .
... these gentle wolves are ... the most dangerous ! ''
cortã s took moctezuma prisoner .
in 1971 he is jess brandon , assistant attorney of the owen marshall , in owen marshall : counselor at law .
michelle bachelet -lrb- verã nica michelle bachelet jeria -rrb- became the first woman president of chile . she served from 11 march 2006 to 11 march 2010 .
on the basis of his strong results during and just after world war ii , botvinnik was one of five players to contest the world chess championship 1948 , which was held at the hague and moscow .
kannada is a dravidian language .
many words in kannada are taken from sanskrit .
in the united states some top-level open wheel events are held on ovals , both short track and superspeedways .
some races , such as the monaco grand prix are held on temporary street circuits .
open-wheel cars are usually built just for racing . often , they have a higher amount of technological sophistication than in other forms of motor racing .
depending on the rules of the class , many types of open-wheelers have spoilers or wings . they are very low and have an almost flat bottom .
open-wheel vehicles , are light weight , have good aerodynamics , and powerful engines .
open-wheel cars are different from street cars , sports cars , stock cars , and touring cars . these car have their wheels below or inside the body or fenders .
a typical open-wheeler has a small cockpit . it is only large enough for the driver 's body .
wheel-to-wheel contact is dangerous . if the forward edge of one tire contacts the rear of another tire , the vehicle my be flipped into the air and upside down .
behind the seal , it has a red saltire , which resembles the spanish cross of burgundy flag used in florida since the early 1500s . the current flag was adopted in in 1900 .
yorkshire pudding is a british food .
more recent targeted campaigning has related to the indian point energy center , oyster creek nuclear generating station , pilgrim nuclear generating station , salem nuclear power plant , vermont yankee nuclear power plant , idaho national laboratory , proposed yucca mountain waste repository , the hanford site , the nevada test site , lawrence livermore national laboratory , and transportation of nuclear waste from the los alamos national laboratory .
anti-nuclear campaigns that captured national public attention in the 1970s involved the calvert cliffs nuclear power plant , seabrook station nuclear power plant , diablo canyon power plant , shoreham nuclear power plant , and the three mile island accident .
botvinnik 's play was better than in the 1960 match , mainly due to thorough preparation .
though the united kingdom of great britain and ireland came to an end in 1922 , the monarch continued to use the title of king or queen of united kingdom of great britain and ireland until 1927 .
it was formed by the merger of the kingdom of great britain -lrb- itself having been a merger of the kingdoms of england and scotland -rrb- and the kingdom of ireland .
dhikr is a kind of worship to god .
it is the capital chamber taluka -lrb- a subdivision of the district -rrb- .
scottsville , virginia is a town of virginia in the united states .
rohri taluka is an administrative subdivision -lrb- taluka -rrb- of sukkur district in the sindh province of pakistan , the town of rohri is the capital .
it is available only as a digital download from the itunes store .
live session ep is an ep released by the rock band panic at the disco on june 13 , 2006 .
stefan reuter -lrb- born 16 october , 1966 -rrb- is a former german football player .
it was early-days moog work and it did take a bit of time '' .
his father was a dental technician , and a cantor in the local synagogue . his mother was a dentist , which allowed the family to live outside the pale of settlement to which most jews in russia were restricted at the time .
their rarity often promotes the value of both the raw material , and the finished work it becomes a part of .
this is a list of graphical signs , icons , and symbols .
in geometry the parallel postulate is one of the axioms of euclidean geometry . sometimes it is also called euclid 's fifth postulate , because it is the fifth postulate in euclid 's elements .
another geometry simply removes euclid 's fifth postulate and does n't replace it with anything . this is called neutral geometry or absolute geometry .
this proved that euclid 's fifth postulate was independent of the other postulates .
if you cut a line segment with two lines , and the two interior angles the lines form add up to less than two right angles , then the two lines will eventually meet if you extend them long enough .
this proved that euclid 's fifth postulate was independent of the other postulates . after this , mathematicians mostly stopped trying to prove the fifth postulate from the other four postulates .
this formed a new geometry called elliptic geometry .
given a straight line and a point not on this line , you can only draw one straight line through this point that will not meet the other straight line .
gaucho -lrb- or gaã cho -rrb- is the term commonly used for people who live in the south regions of brazil , mainly in rio grande do sul .
the tests can be used to check for conditions such as down syndrome , spina bifida , cleft palate , tay sachs disease , sickle cell anemia , thalassemia , cystic fibrosis , and fragile x syndrome .
tomã å jun -lrb- born 17 january 1983 -rrb- is a czech football player . he plays for austria wien .
she is most famous for her role as margaret houlihan on the m \* a \* s \* h tv series .
botvinnik did not play in the soviet team that won the 1952 chess olympiad in helsinki : the players voted for the line-up and placed botvinnik on second board , with keres on top board ; botvinnik protested and refused to play .
gel electrophoresis is a technique used for separating dna of different sizes . this happens in a special gel electrophoresis machine , which is a rectangular shaped block of gel in a box containing a liquid -lrb- called buffer -rrb- and a voltage running through it from one electrode to another .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- is an organization that runs the public transport network in london .
apache http server , also called apache , is a web server notable for helping the growth of the world wide web .
it is located in the punjab province and is the capital of dera ghazi khan district .
toshio matsuura -lrb- born 20 november 1955 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
givenchy-l ã s-la-bass ã e is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
botvinnik changed his style in the rematch , avoiding the tactical complications in which tal excelled and aiming for closed positions and endgames , where tal 's technique was not outstanding .
endorheic basins usually end in a saline lake or a salt flat .
endorheic lakes in antarctica are located in the mcmurdo dry valleys , victoria land , antarctica , the largest ice-free area in antarctica .
an endorheic basin , also called an internal drainage system , is a drainage basin , or watershed , that does not flow to one of the earth 's major oceans .
minor additional endorheic lakes exist throughout the mediterranean countries spain -lrb- e.g. laguna de gallocanta -rrb- , italy , cyprus -lrb- larnaca and akrotiri salt lakes -rrb- and greece .
many small lakes and ponds in north dakota and manitoba are endorheic ; some of them have salt encrustations along their shores .
usually female judges of the high court of england and wales are created dames commander after appointment . male judges are not , because they are usually made knights bachelor instead .
the british rail class 312 is a type of alternating current -lrb- ac -rrb- electric multiple unit -lrb- emu -rrb- built in 1966-1974 intended for use on outer-suburban passenger services .
blairville is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
billie -lrb- she was known at the time only by her first name -rrb- was the first british female singer to have a first single start at # 1 on the uk pop charts .
honey to the b is the first album by pop singer billie piper , released in 1998 -lrb- see 1998 in music -rrb- .
carmen became the basis for the opera carmen , by georges bizet .
pietro anastasi -lrb- born 7 april , 1948 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
the magi were told in a dream not to go back to jerusalem . so , they `` left for their own country by another road '' .
the star of bethlehem is a well-loved subject at planetarium shows during christmas , but the bible seems to suggest that the magi visited jesus at least several months after he was born .
the star of bethlehem , also called the christmas star , is a star in the bible and christian tradition that let the magi know that jesus was born , and later helped them go to bethlehem .
they included three future world champions anatoly karpov , garry kasparov and vladimir kramnik .
in a tapestry about the magi , designed by edward burne-jones , the star is held by an angel .
joseph was warned in a dream to escape . he took his family to egypt to be safe .
he wrote that , in london after the tournament , emanuel lasker said his arrival only two hours before the first round began was a serious mistake and that he should have allowed ten days for acclimatization .
according to the gospel of matthew , the star made the magi travel to jerusalem .
paintings and other works of art about the magi 's visit may include the star .
they gave jesus gold , frankincense , and myrrh as presents .
because of this , the quote seems to suggest that matthew thought that jesus ' life was like the story of the jewish people . judea could have symbolized egypt and herod represented pharaoh .
elements to be considered include window placement and glazing type , thermal insulation , thermal mass , and shading .
henk ten cate -lrb- born 9 december 1954 -rrb- is a former dutch football player .
as of 2006 , two textbooks have been published that are almost entirely about the sertoli cell .
he published a description of this cell in 1865 .
in early winter , 1936 , botvinnik was invited to play in a tournament at nottingham , england .
sertoli cells get their name from enrico sertoli , an italian physiologist .
a sertoli cell is a cell found in the testes . its main function is to help the developing sperm cells through the stages of spermatogenesis - the process of turning stem cells into sperm .
sertoli cells get their name from enrico sertoli , an italian physiologist . he discovered them while studying medicine in the university of pavia , italy .
chaldene is about 3.8 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 22,713,000 km in 699.327 days , at an inclination of 167 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 169 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.2916 .
during david 's reign , the castle was built at the top of what is now lady hill .
i 've got some thoughts on this one . '
breeches -lrb- pronounced -lrb- ë britê é z -rrb- -rrb- is a type of clothing that males wear that covers the body from the waist down , with different coverings for each leg , usually stopping just below the knee , though sometimes reaching to the ankles .
folk rock music is a mixture of folk music with modern rock music .
vyacheslav vsevolodovich ivanov -lrb- born 21 august 1929 , moscow -rrb- is a soviet\/russian historical linguist . his main topic of study is indo-european languages .
his childhood was filled by disease and war , which he spent in tashkent .
the program has contestants compete against each other in a series of stunts . the person who finishes better and\/or quicker than all the other contestants gets a prize of us$ 50,000 .
over its six seasons , fear factor earned nbc a reported $ 600 million from selling advertising during the program .
during the sixth season , nbc decided to not show the program for the rest of the year to make room for the sitcom joey . that series was only shown for a few weeks .
in 2006 , fear factor was being shown at the same time as tv ratings champion , the fox talent series american idol on tuesday nights .
in 2004 , fear factor became the first network reality show to be syndicated .
nbc canceled fear factor in may of 2006 .
fear factor is hosted by comedian joe rogan and executive produced by matt kunitz .
the network began showing the remaining episodes of the sixth season on june 13 , 2006 . these episodes were shown throughout the summer .
the program was very popular for the network in the summer of 2001 . it had strong ratings for the next couple of years , but in later years , the ratings were not as good .
the allspice was named because the flavor of the berry is like a mixture of cloves , cinnamon , and nutmeg .
allspice -lrb- also called jamaica pepper , kurundu , myrtle pepper , pimento , allspice berries , or newspice -rrb- is a spice which is the dried unripe fruit of the pimenta dioica plant , a tree native to the west indies , southern mexico and central america .
masanao sasaki -lrb- born 19 june 1962 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
metroid prime is a first-person action-adventure video game made by retro studios and published by nintendo for the nintendo gamecube game console .
it has had two sequels called metroid prime 2 : echoes and metroid prime 3 : corruption , a side game called metroid prime hunters , and a spin-off called metroid prime pinball .
it has had two sequels called metroid prime 2 : echoes and metroid prime 3 : corruption , a side game called metroid prime hunters , and a spin-off called metroid prime pinball . it takes place after metroid , but before metroid ii : return of samus .
in the beginning , lucy is a young sorceress -lrb- a `` mage '' -rrb- , who wants to join fairy tail guild .
on her trip , she meets natsu , a young boy , who is looking for igneel the salamander . she offers them a lunch and natsu explains that igneel is a dragon .
the pascal -lrb- symbol : pa -rrb- is the si derived unit of pressure or stress .
it is named after the french mathematician and physicist , blaise pascal .
in other cases , the kilopascal is more commonly used , for example on bicycle tire labels .
in everyday life , the pascal is maybe best known from meteorological air-pressure reports , where it happens in the form of hectopascal -lrb- 1 hpa = 100 pa -rrb- .
one hectopascal corresponds to 0.1 and one kilopascal to about 1 % of atmospheric pressure -lrb- near sea level -rrb- .
it was first serialized in weekly shonen jump on may 1 , 2006 , published by shueisha .
mã -- 0 -lrb- ã ã ã -- ã 1\/4 ã , emu x zero -rrb- is a japanese comedy manga series by japanese author yasuhiro kanå -lrb- author of pretty face -rrb- . it is about a school that teaches students how to do magic and the crazy adventures of a normal boy who was admitted to the school under special circumstances .
other famous spots are the police barracks known as les casernes and the port louis waterfront .
the first governor was count bertrand-fran ã ois mahã de la bourdonnais .
the population of the city is now largely made up of the descendants of people who were hired for labor from india in the 19th century .
the capital has also three museums which are : the mauritius natural history museum , the blue penny museum and the mauritius stamp museum .
it is also said that deflation is a sign of a weak state of that country 's economy , because deflation usually happens during an economic collapse .
more than 75 percent of the population are indians . the rest come from africa , while a small number have chinese and eurasian ancestry .
port louis was founded by the french around 1735 . it was used as a place to supply food for their ships traveling around the cape of good hope .
after the end of slavery in 1835 , many indian and chinese workers were brought to work the land , and take care of sugar cane , at that time used to make rum .
satoshi yoshioka -lrb- born 6 july 1987 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
dan simmons -lrb- born april 4 , 1948 in peoria , illinois -rrb- is an american writer best known for his hugo award-winning series called thehyperion cantos , and for his locus-winning ilium\/olympos cycle .
aaron lennon -lrb- born 16 april 1987 -rrb- is an english football player . he plays for tottenham hotspur and england national team .
bahrain enjoys mild winters and has very hot , humid summers .
deflation is thought to be even worse than inflation .
bahrain is a flat and dry archipelago , with a low desert plain rising gently to a low central hill , in the arabian gulf , east of saudi arabia .
after world war ii , anti-british feeling spread through the arab world and led to riots in bahrain .
it is also said that deflation is a sign of a weak state of that country 's economy , because deflation usually happens during an economic collapse . deflation is thought to be even worse than inflation .
naiad or neptune iii is the closest moon to neptune named after the naiads of greek legend .
in his first professional season , he won the calder memorial trophy as top rookie in the league .
orr was inducted in the hockey hall of fame in 1979 .
courmangoux is a commune .
phoenix is a robotic spacecraft on a space exploration mission on mars under the mars scout program .
colonial beach is a town in virginia on the potomac river .
condensation is the process in which water vapor changes into a water droplet or ice crystal . condensation is an important part of the water cycle .
alberto aquilani -lrb- born 7 july 1984 -rrb- is an italian football player . he plays for liverpool and italy national team .
smurfette is the only female smurf in smurfland . most of the other smurfs like her because of her beauty .
a number of words end in the word '' - polis '' .
a.c. reggiana 1919 is a football club which plays in italy .
henry `` huntz '' hall -lrb- august 15 1919 - january 30 1999 -rrb- was a well-known american actor .
rajon pierre rondo -lrb- born february 22 , 1986 in louisville , kentucky -rrb- is an american basketball player that currently plays for the boston celtics of the nba as a point guard .
it replaced the czechoslovak crown . slovak koruna should not be mistaken with the slovak koruna during the world war ii -lrb- slovak : koruna slovenskã , short ks , notice word order -rrb-
the slovak crown or slovak koruna -lrb- in slovak , slovenskã koruna , `` koruna '' means crown -rrb- has been the currency used in slovakia since february 8 , 1993 .
the slovak crown or slovak koruna -lrb- in slovak , slovenskã koruna , `` koruna '' means crown -rrb- has been the currency used in slovakia since february 8 , 1993 . it replaced the czechoslovak crown .
a way to explain it would be that if `` regular hip hop '' was on the middle of a number line , gangsta rap , crunk , and snap would be on one side , and alternative hip hop would be on the other . even though it is a form of hip hop , fans of alternative hip hop tend to also be fans of alternative rock more than `` regular hip hop '' or especially pop .
masakazu tashiro -lrb- born 26 june 1988 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
other meanings are at valence in chemistry , valence -lrb- which is sometimes called valency -rrb- is the number of chemical bonds the atoms of a certain element can form .
toshihiro hattori -lrb- born 23 september 1973 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the term dard is due to herodotus who described a land of the dardikae in the area of northeastern afghanistan .
it consists of bangladesh , egypt , indonesia , iran , malaysia , nigeria , pakistan , and turkey .
eiji hanayama -lrb- born 21 august 1977 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
salperwick is a commune . it is found in the nord-pas-de-calais region in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
his most famous pokã mon , and probably the most famous pokã mon , is pikachu .
the anime shows the adventures of ash ketchum , a 10-year-old pokã mon trainer who has many adventures , meeting many new people and pokã mon. . his most famous pokã mon , and probably the most famous pokã mon , is pikachu .
pokã mon -lrb- abbreviated from pocket monsters -rrb- is a japanese anime series .
to the north and east of kosovo is the rest of serbia . to the south of kosovo is the country republic of macedonia .
to the north and east of kosovo is the rest of serbia .
kosovo -lrb- albanian : kosovã `` or kosova ; serbian cyrillic : ð ð 3\/4 ñ ð 3\/4 ð ð 3\/4 , serbian ; latin : kosovo -rrb- is a disputed region in the balkans .
to the south of kosovo is the country republic of macedonia . to the west of kosovo are the countries albania and montenegro .
ø û ø `` ø ø û ù ø ù ù ù ø ù ø ø ù ø ø -rrb- or hallaj was a persian poet and writer .
to the west of kosovo are the countries albania and montenegro .
they stand up when they use a shower and usually do not wear clothes in a shower .
landrethun-le-nord is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
lauren etame mayer -lrb- born 19 january 1977 -rrb- is a cameroonian football player . he has played for cameroon national team .
unlike the meter and second , which exist as fundamental units in the si system for historical reasons -lrb- in human history -rrb- , the planck length and planck time are conceptually linked at a fundamental physical level .
the planck units are physical units of measurement .
a shower is where a person cleans himself by using water . they stand up when they use a shower and usually do not wear clothes in a shower .
planck units are very important for theoretical physics , because they simplify several recurring algebraic expressions of physical law .
the planck units are physical units of measurement . the system of these units was developed by max planck .
to note that gravity is an extremely weak force is , from the point-of-view of planck units , like comparing apples to oranges .
the electromagnetic force operates on a different physical quantity -lrb- electric charge -rrb- than gravity -lrb- mass -rrb- so it can not be compared directly to gravity .
they stand up when they use a shower and usually do not wear clothes in a shower . showers have a shower head that squirts out water .
they eliminate anthropocentric arbitrariness from the system of units : some physicists argue that communication with extraterrestrial intelligence would have to use such a system of units to make common reference to scale .
it is true that the electrostatic repulsive force between two protons -lrb- alone in free space -rrb- greatly exceeds the gravitational attractive force between the same two protons , and that is because the charge on the protons is approximately the planck unit of charge but the mass of the protons is far , far less than the planck mass.
a & c black bought both christopher helm publishers and later the pica press , which are publishers of the helm identification guides , written by christopher helm .
in 1902 , it published p. g. wodehouse 's first book , the pothunters .
nobuyuki kojima -lrb- born 17 january 1966 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
rasht is the capital city of the gilan province of iran .
it is being made by the space shuttle called atlantis .
sausset-les-pins is a commune of 7,278 people -lrb- 2006 -rrb- . it is found in the region provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur in the bouches-du-rh ã ne department in the south of france .
it is the largest river system in the state of sonora . the yaqui river is used for irrigation .
custard is kind of food prepared with milk and eggs . custard can be the dessert or its sauce .
its course is broken up by several reservoirs like plutarco elã as calles -lrb- el novillo -rrb- , lã zaro cã rdenas -lrb- angostura -rrb- , or ã lvaro obregã n -lrb- el oviã chic , lake ouiachic -rrb- , which provides the water for the heavily farmed region of ciudad obregã n.
akihiro tabata -lrb- born 15 may 1978 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
dev patel -lrb- gujarati : à à `` à à à à `` à ; born 23 april 1990 -rrb- is a british film and television actor .
they followed the adventures of the player , a pokã mon trainer who catches , raises , and battles with pokã mon , collects badges from the 8 gym leaders , explores all over kanto -lrb- the region -rrb- , and trades pokã mon with other people who have the game by using the game boy 's game link cable . later , a sequel to red and blue was released : pokã mon yellow .
in 2003 , pokã mon ruby and sapphire were released . they were the first pokã mon games on the game boy advance , and this upset many players because they could not trade pokã mon with red , blue , yellow , gold , silver , or crystal .
it is also possible to trade pokã mon with a friend . the pokã mon in the battles never bleed or die ; they only faint .
like pokã mon yellow , the player 's pokã mon can follow them .
also , instead of the pokã mon given to the player at the start of red and blue -lrb- the player can choose bulbasaur , charmander , or squirtle -rrb- in yellow the only possible choice is pikachu , which represents the pokã mon ash started with in the anime .
later , a sequel to red and blue was released : pokã mon yellow .
sukkur division -lrb- urdu : ø ù ø ù ú ø ú ú ø -rrb- , originally khairpur , was a division of pakistan until the divisions of pakistan were dissolved in 2000 .
in november 1701 , her third daughter , maria luisa , then barely thirteen years old , married philip v of spain .
these claims were held at the time by james francis edward stuart -lrb- son of james ii -rrb- upon the death of his half-sister , queen anne .
through anne marie descend the current post-stuart legitimist claims of the jacobites to the english and scottish thrones .
from 1714 to 1720 , anne marie d'orl ã ans was the heiress presumptive to the jacobite claim to the thrones of england , scotland , and ireland .
her half-brother philippe d'orl ã ans , the future regent of france .
in 1706 , during the siege of turin by french forces under the command of her half-brother philippe d'orl ã ans , and spanish forces from her cousin philip v of spain , she and her sons , victor amadeus and carlo emanuele , were forced to flee the city .
for the studio version of the song , the anvil was played by starr ; in the beatles film let it be , however , mal evans is seen hitting the anvil as the beatles play the track .
he wrote a book about this period called morphine , which was finally released in 1926 .
nonetheless , when he fell ill with smallpox , she nursed him until his recovery .
she was born at the chã cents teau de saint-cloud . her mother died when she was ten months old .
anne marie was displaced as his heir by the birth of the old pretender 's son , charles edward stuart -lrb- `` bonnie prince charlie '' -rrb- in december 1720 .
anne marie d'orl ã ans -lrb- 27 august 1669 - 26 august 1728 -rrb- was a niece of louis xiv and was the wife of victor amadeus ii of sardinia .
the lands typically rises to a height of 100 f to 300 f above the surrounding farmland throughout the duration of its range , occasionally reaching higher than 350 f.
exoskeletons contain rigid and resistant components that fulfil a set of functional roles including protection , excretion , sensing , support , feeding and -lrb- for terrestrial organisms -rrb- acting as a barrier against desiccation .
kå ji nakata -lrb- born 9 july 1979 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
between 1984 and 2000 he worked with dieter bohlen in modern talking and blue system , as part of the chorus .
shogo nishikawa -lrb- born 1 july 1983 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for montedio yamagata .
coulomb 's law is a function developed in the 1780s by physicist charles augustin de coulomb .
if two charges are opposite , -lrb- + -rrb- and -lrb- - -rrb- charges for example , they will attract each other .
this constant is called as coulomb 's force constant or electrostatic force constant .
so , as well as jesus , there are small parts for judas , peter , two high priests , pontius pilate , pilate 's wife , two witnesses and two ancillae -lrb- maids -rrb- .
it was probably first performed on good friday -lrb- 11 april -rrb- 1727 in the thomaskirche in leipzig , where bach was kapellmeister . he made some changes to it by 1736 and performed it again on 30 march 1736 .
the main difference between eeprom and flash memory is that eeprom can `` write '' to any byte of memory , at any time .
flash memory is a memory storage device for computers and electronics . it is most often used in devices like digital cameras , usb flash drives , and video games .
cantor 's eyes became his trademark , often exaggerated in illustrations , and leading to his appearance on broadway in the musical banjo eyes -lrb- 1941 -rrb- .
his eye-rolling song-and-dance routines eventually led to his nickname , banjo eyes , and in 1933 , the artist frederick j. garner caricatured cantor with large round and white eyes resembling the drum-like pot of a banjo .
alexander mikhaylovich ovechkin -lrb- born september 17 , 1985 -rrb- is an ice hockey player for the washington capitals .
ovechkin was picked first overall in the 2004 nhl entry draft .
les peintures is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
the fallopian tubes -lrb- also known as oviducts and uterine tubes -rrb- connect the ovaries to the uterus , and let the ovum pass into the uterus where they are able to be fertilized by sperm during sexual intercourse or other ways , such as artificial insemination . there are two fallopian tubes attached to either side of the uterus .
in 1931 , bulgakov got married again , to yelena shilovskaya . yelena inspired one of the main characters in bulgakov 's most famous novel , the master and margarita .
the fallopian tubes can move around the pelvis .
the greek word salpinx -lrb- ï î î '' ï î î î 3\/4 -rrb- means `` trumpet '' .
takashi miki -lrb- born 23 july 1978 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for tokushima vortis .
james douglas -lrb- jim -rrb- morrison -lrb- december 8 1943 - july 3 1971 -rrb- was the lead singer of the rock band the doors .
in britain , the word `` pudding '' is often used for any dessert , especially a dessert made with flour and eggs and cooked by steaming , boiling or baking , e.g. treacle pudding , chocolate pudding or spotted dick -lrb- pudding with raisins or currants -rrb- . there are also milk puddings such as rice pudding or semolina .
if you do not want to make the pudding , you do not have to .
the point of origin is on mount kobushi in saitama prefecture , and the arakawa empties into tokyo bay , spanning 173 kilometers .
the drainage basin covers 2,940 square kilometers .
clube atlã tico mineiro is a football club which plays in brazil .
ronald worm -lrb- born 7 october , 1953 -rrb- is a former german football player .
colline-beaumont is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
when the first world war started he volunteered with the red cross as a doctor . bulgakov was sent to an area where fighting was heavy , and he was badly injured at least twice .
the parameters to must use the pipe '' '' , like this : .
this meta-template helps other templates , such as infoboxes , to take image size parameters in both of the forms `` 40 '' or `` 40px '' .
in 1913 bulgakov married tatiana lappa .
it takes up to three parameters and returns the first one that has any content .
it used to be a bit tricky to handle empty but defined image size values in a template , since the mediawiki pipetrick does n't return the default value for empty parameters .
hot in the shade is a studio album by the american hard rock\/heavy metal band kiss .
jully-sur-sarce is a commune of the aube dã partement in the north-central part of france .
bob dole has a habit of talking in the third person , or using his own name instead of `` i '' when he talks about himself . this habit is the basis for many jokes about dole .
the gravitational constant , called g in physics equations , is an empirical physical constant .
ernst mayr said `` it can hardly be doubted that -lrb- biology -rrb- has helped to undermine traditional beliefs and value systems '' . huxley more than anyone else was responsible for this trend in britain .
another of his ideas was that birds evolved from small carnivorous dinosaurs , a view widely held today .
`` i do not advocate burning your ship to get rid of the cockroaches '' .
huxley 's public lectures grew into his most famous work man 's place in nature -lrb- 1863 -rrb- . there he deals with the evolution of man , before charles darwin published his descent of man in 1871 .
huxley had little schooling , and taught himself almost everything he knew .
for nearly ten years he worked on the relationship of man to the apes .
stalin did allow bulgakov to work at a small theater in moscow , however .
the act of parliament which founded board schools allowed the reading of the bible , but did not permit any particular religious doctrine to be taught .
the struggle between them ended in some severe defeats for owen .
huxley supported the reading of the bible in schools .
his activity in favor of evolution , and his public work on scientific education , had a big effect on society in britain and elsewhere .
thomas henry huxley pc prs -lrb- 4 may 1825 â `` 29 june 1895 -rrb- was an english biologist . he was known as darwin 's bulldog for his support of charles darwin 's theory of evolution .
to ease the pain , he started injecting himself with morphine .
iker casillas -lrb- born 20 may 1981 -rrb- is a spanish football player . he plays for real madrid and spain national team .
tomotaka kitamura -lrb- born 27 may 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for montedio yamagata .
the two broad types of mammalian stem cells are : embryonic stem cells , and adult stem cells , which are found in adult tissues .
highly plastic adult stem cells from a variety of sources , -lrb- umbilical cord , blood , bone marrow -rrb- , are now routinely used in medical therapies .
stem cells are found in most , if not all , plants and animals .
stem cells can be grown in cell culture . in culture , they can be transformed into specialised cells , such as those of muscles or nerves .
in adult organisms , stem cells act as a repair system for the body , replenishing specialized cells , but also maintain the normal turnover of blood , skin , and intestinal tissues .
because stem cells are not yet differentiated , they can change to become some kind of specialized cells . organisms also use stem cells to replace damaged cells during lifetime .
research in the stem cell field grew out of findings in the 1960s .
princess mã xima of the netherlands -lrb- born as mã xima zorreguieta ; 17 may 1971 -rrb- is the wife of willem-alexander , prince of orange , the future king of the netherlands .
princess mã xima and prince willem-alexander were married on 2 february 2002 in a civil ceremony in the beurs van berlage , amsterdam . after that they had a religious ceremony at the nieuwe kerk -lrb- also in amsterdam -rrb- .
the news of the couple 's relationship and eventual marriage plans caused controversy in the netherlands .
this is an important annual event , to which many people from other countries come and dress in typical spanish andalusian costume .
mã xima 's father had been the minister of agriculture during the regime of former argentine president jorge rafael videla , a military dictator who ruled argentina from 1976 to 1981 and who was responsible for many atrocities against civilians -lrb- non-military people -rrb- . an estimated 10,000 â `` 30,000 people disappeared during this and later military regimes .
bulgakov died from problems with his kidneys on march 10 , 1940 .
mã xima met the crown prince in april 1999 in sevilla , spain , during the seville spring fair .
the couple announced their engagement on 30 march 2001 .
this is necessary by law for the prince of orange to be able to become king . because of the research around his involvement in the dirty war , mã xima 's father offered not to attend the wedding .
princess mã xima is also godmother to two royal babies : countess leonore of orange-nassau -lrb- daughter of prince constantijn and princess laurentien of the netherlands -rrb- and of prince sverre magnus of norway -lrb- son of crown prince haakon and crown princess mette-marit of norway -rrb- .
but the research also found that mã xima 's father had not been directly involved with the many deaths in question .
princess mã xima talked to the nation in fluent dutch during the live broadcast on the occasion of the engagement .
the second names of all three of their daughters are also the names of the last 3 dutch queens : amalia 's for her grandmother , queen beatrix , alexia 's for her great-grandmother , queen juliana and ariane 's for her great-great-grandmother , queen wilhelmina .
luã s boa morte -lrb- born 4 august 1977 -rrb- is a portuguese football player . he plays for west ham united and portugal national team .
labeuvriã re is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
total depravity -lrb- also called total inability or total corruption -rrb- is a theological teaching that comes from augustine 's teachings on original sin .
it is the teaching that , since the fall of man , every person who has been born into the world is a slave of sin and , without the irresistible grace of god , it is not possible for man to choose to follow god or accept salvation as he freely offers it .
total depravity is taught by many protestant confessions of faith , including lutheranism , and methodism , arminianism , and calvinism .
a wind farm is an area of land with lots of wind turbines in it .
inverness caledonian thistle football club is a professional football club based at caledonian stadium in inverness , scotland .
the weft thread is wound onto bobbins .
cilia occur in all members of the group -lrb- although the peculiar suctoria only have them for part of the life-cycle -rrb- and are variously used in swimming , crawling , attachment , feeding , and sensation .
mousavi is currently the president of the iranian academy of arts .
in the early years of the revolution , mousavi was the editor-in-chief of the official newspaper of the islamic republican party , the jomhouri-e eslami -lrb- islamic republic -rrb- newspaper .
he is also a member of the expediency discernment council and the high council of cultural revolution .
the single reached # 3 in the uk becoming her third top three hit in a row .
the ciliates are a group of protists characterized by the presence of hair-like organelles called cilia , which are identical in structure to flagella but typically shorter and present in much larger numbers with a different undulating pattern than flagella .
gulfport is the east coast home to the us navy seabees , and also the birthplace of american football player brett favre .
much of gulfport was also severely damaged by hurricane camille on august 17 , 1969 .
on august 29 , 2005 , gulfport was hit by the strong east side of hurricane katrina , and much of gulfport was flooded or destroyed .
it is the larger -lrb- population wise -rrb- of two , aom cities of the gulfport-biloxi , mississippi metropolitan statistical area , which is included in the gulfport-biloxi-pascagoula , mississippi combined statistical area .
there are 5 , 10 , 25 , 50 and 100 halala coins ; and 1 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 , and 500 riyal banknotes .
jesper grã nkjã r -lrb- born 12 august 1977 -rrb- is a danish football player . he plays for copenhagen and denmark national team .
comoros national football team is the national football team of comoros .
a ladder is used to get up to the top bunk .
a bunk bed is a stack of two or more beds . metal poles or wooden beams connect the bottom bed -lrb- called the bottom bunk -rrb- to the top bed -lrb- called the top bunk -rrb- .
metal poles or wooden beams connect the bottom bed -lrb- called the bottom bunk -rrb- to the top bed -lrb- called the top bunk -rrb- . a ladder is used to get up to the top bunk .
nags head is a town in dare county , north carolina , united states .
the prosencephalon -lrb- or forebrain -rrb- , the mesencephalon -lrb- midbrain -rrb- , and rhombencephalon -lrb- hindbrain -rrb- are the three primary portions of the brain of vertebrates . they develop very early during development of the central nervous system .
when the embryonic prosencephalon fails to divide the brain into two lobes , it results in a condition known as holoprosencephaly .
by the 19th century , women such as lucretia mott and elizabeth cady stanton thought that women should have more rights .
`` maxwell 's silver hammer '' is my analogy for when something goes wrong out of the blue , as it so often does , as i was beginning to find out at that time in my life .
they are found in temperate and tropical waters , and are used by humans as food .
edgar douglas adrian , 1st baron adrian om prs -lrb- 30 november 1889-8 august 1977 -rrb- was an english doctor . he won the 1932 nobel prize in physiology or medicine , along with charles scott sherrington , for the discovery of neurons .
since 2004 , the show has had eight main characters :
charles iv married his first cousin princess maria luisa , the daughter of philip , duke of parma , in 1765 .
giraldo is probably best known for his many appearences on comedy central 's roast specials and is also known for being a regular on lewis black 's root of all evil .
he accidently overdosed on prescription medication and he was scheduled to appear at a comedy performance at the stress factory in new brunswick , new jersey . when giraldo failed to appear the police were called to his hotel room where they found him and they rushed him to robert wood johnson university hospital .
on march 18 , 2011 , comedy central aired a special called give it up for greg giraldo , that featured celebrities jon stewart , colin quinn , lewis black , daniel tosh , denis leary , sarah silverman , jeffrey ross , nick swardson , dave attell , jim gaffigan and conan o'brien as well as others as they talked about his life and career .
greg giraldo -lrb- december 10 , 1965 â `` september 29 , 2010 -rrb- was a american comedian television personality , and retired lawyer .
it was reported that he had been in a coma for four days before his family had life support removed and he died on september 29 , 2010 .
jacob benjamin gyllenhaal -lrb- born december 19 , 1980 -rrb- is an academy award-nominated american actor .
he then played against type as a frustrated marine in jarhead -lrb- 2005 -rrb- .
as ellis says , we are to speak jesus ' words , think his thoughts , and do his deeds .
in the 2004 blockbuster the day after tomorrow he portrayed a student caught in a cataclysmic global cooling event , alongside dennis quaid as his father .
he has appeared in diverse roles since his first lead role in 1999 's october sky , followed by the 2001 cult hit donnie darko , in which he played a psychologically troubled teen and onscreen brother to his real-life sister , actress maggie gyllenhaal .
jassial is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of talagang tehsil and is located at 33 â 1 ' 40n 72 â 23 ' 34e .
magnoliids -lrb- or magnoliidae -rrb- are a group of about 9,000 species of flowering plants , including magnolias , nutmeg , bay laurel , cinnamon , avocado , black pepper , and many others .
they are characterized by trimerous flowers , pollen with one pore , and usually branching-veined leaves .
let us now , in our imagination , extend the arc for the ten coming years from now .
but what we must never forget , is that this change of country and landscape sharpened , kneaded and knitted this newly-becoming language ... and so afrikaans became able to speak out from this new land ... our task lies in the use that we make and will make of this gleaming tool ... ''
see you , sirs , where the point shall be , outside in the blue sky high over bloemfontein , in the year 1924 . ''
the afrikaans language monument -lrb- afrikaans : afrikaanse taalmonument -rrb- is the only monument in the world dedicated to a language . it is located on a hill overlooking the teachers ' training college in paarl , western cape province , south africa .
the washington nationals are a major league baseball team from washington , d.c. , united states .
the nationals are a member of the eastern division of the national league .
they were the first of several classes of british rail emu to be based on the all-steel mark 3 bodyshell , departing from the `` pep '' - aluminium design which had spawned the earlier class 313 to class 315 .
the mark 3 bodyshell was also the basis of class 318 , class 455 , and the diesel `` sprinters '' pioneered by the class 150 .
takahiro oshima -lrb- born 14 april 1988 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for nagano parceilo .
noboru kohara -lrb- born 22 july 1983 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
where denssqmi and denskm2 are the density values to be displayed -lrb- one may be blank for automatic conversion if the other is numeric ; or they may be set to auto for automatic calculation if pop and the corresponding area ... parameter are present -rrb- .
other parameters are taken from .
whether the metric or imperial value is displayed first depends on the value of subdivision_name -lrb- usually the country name -rrb- and unit_pref -lrb- which can be set to imperial to force imperial-first display -rrb- .
marches can be slow marches or quick marches .
some famous examples of funeral marches include the second movement of beethoven 's eroica symphony , the marche funã bre -lrb- funeral march -rrb- in chopin 's piano sonata in b flat minor , and the dead march in handel 's oratorio saul .
music composed for marching uses instruments that soldiers play in marching bands , such as brass instruments , woodwind instruments including fife , snare drum and bass drum .
also tape drives are slow , compared to hard drives .
he won the pulitzer prize for his work reporting the news from nazi germany .
in ordinary life , where people move at speeds much less than the speed of light , even considering space travel , are not great enough to produce easily detectable time dilation effects , and such vanishingly small effects can be safely ignored .
a simple summary is that more time is measured on the clock at rest than the moving clock ; therefore , the moving clock is `` running slow '' .
where is the time interval for an observer -lrb- e.g. ticks on his clock -rrb- â `` this is known as the proper time , is the time interval for the person moving with velocity v with respect to the observer , is the relative velocity between the observer and the moving clock , is the speed of light .
it is only when an object approaches speeds on the order of 30,000 km\/s -lrb- 10 % the speed of light -rrb- that time dilation becomes important .
le parcq is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
a home warranty protects against the high costs of home and appliance repair by offering insurance coverage for appliances and equipment in the house .
five years is an extended warranty .
many people do not realize that extended warranties are not always provided through the manufacturer , but in some circumstances it may work to the consumer 's benefit .
for instance , when an auto warranty is provided through a dealership from the manufacturer , repairs on the vehicle are reimbursed at a lower negotiated rate .
ben bernanke was the chairman of the federal reserve , the central bank of the united states .
in 1940 , the `` german carousel '' , two miniature steam locomotives , the `` little auto ride '' , the `` roto whip '' and the `` ferris wheel '' were added .
kiddieland started out as a small venture of arthur fritz in 1929 when he purchased six ponies and offered rides as an escape for parents reeling from the great depression .
the park continued its expansion and installed several major attractions , including a log flume , a swinging pirate ship , a 40 f long water coaster , and numerous other attractions .
the out-and-back coaster is 24 f tall and travels a course of 700 f. it was awarded the ace coaster classic award by the american coaster enthusiasts .
the park saw its first major expansion in the 1950s with the addition of the little dipper and the carousel , of which both still exist today .
maltose and cellobiose are hydrolysis products of the polysaccharides , starch and cellulose , respectively .
`` in the past i may have written tongue-in-cheek , like ` maxwell 's silver hammer ' , and dealt with matters of fate in a kind of comical , parody manner .
for example , milk sugar -lrb- lactose -rrb- is made from glucose and galactose whereas cane sugar -lrb- sucrose -rrb- is made from glucose and fructose .
it is formed when two sugars are joined together and a molecule of water is removed .
williamsburg is a city of virginia in the united states .
they have two children , charles spencer crowe , born 2003 , and tennyson spencer crowe , born 2006 .
coachella valley music and arts festival , best known as just coachella , is an annual three-day music festival held in indio , california .
gonzalo sorondo -lrb- born 9 october 1979 -rrb- is an uruguayan football player .
la voulte-sur-rh ã ne is a village and commune in the ardã che dã partement in the center of southern france .
balloons can also be filled with water . they are called `` water balloons '' .
ones that describe masculine words usually end in - ñ ð or - ð ð . ones that describe neuter words usually end in - ð 3\/4 ð or - ð ð .
the number of leadbeater 's possums is expected to drop by as much as 90 % .
russian -lrb- russian : ñ ñ ñ ñ ð ð ð ñ ð ñ ð , transliteration : russkiy yaz ` ik -rrb- is an east slavic language . this language is a part of the indo-european language family .
russian -lrb- russian : ñ ñ ñ ñ ð ð ð ñ ð ñ ð , transliteration : russkiy yaz ` ik -rrb- is an east slavic language .
following the death of the last leadbeater 's possum at healesville sanctuary victoria in may 2006 , there are now no leadbeater 's possums in captivity anywhere in the world and so no breeding program to assist this animal 's survival .
leandro teixeira dantas -lrb- born 17 august 1987 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
in the battle of kadesh , where he led egyptian armies against those of the hittite king muwatalli ii . he was caught the first recorded military ambush , but could win the battle nevertheless .
they live in small family groups of up to 24 individuals , usually a breeding pair , their children , and sometimes an extra male or two .
one of the best-known 18th dynasty pharaohs is amenhotep iv , who changed his name to akhenaten in honor of the aten and whose exclusive worship of the aten is often interpreted as history 's first instance of monotheism -lrb- and was argued in sigmund freud 's moses and monotheism to have been the ultimate origin of jewish monotheism -rrb- .
after several days , the adults become reproductively active and are able to reproduce again , though not late in the season .
mechanical stimulation -lrb- such as by predator attack -rrb- causes `` reflex bleeding '' in both larval and adult ladybird beetles , in which a toxin is put through the joints of the exoskeleton , deterring feeding .
this phenomenon is called aposematism and works because predators learn by experience to associate certain prey phenotypes -lrb- appearance -rrb- with a bad taste -lrb- or worse -rrb- .
oscar ustari -lrb- born 3 july 1986 -rrb- is an argentine football player .
the game is played in sets of 25 points -lrb- sometimes 21 -rrb- . the team that reaches 25 -lrb- or 21 -rrb- points first , wins the set .
when the player also slides his or her hand under a ball that is almost touching the court , this is called a `` pancake '' .
digging is the ability to prevent the ball from touching one 's court after a spike or attack , particularly a ball that is nearly touching the ground .
the game starts when the captain from each team decides which side of the court they will play on , by the toss of a coin , which also determines who will serve -lrb- hit -rrb- the ball first .
a player may sometimes perform a `` dive '' , i.e. , throw his or her body in the air with a forward movement in an attempt to save the ball , and land on his or her chest .
in many aspects , this skill is similar to passing , or bumping : overhand dig and bump are also used to distinguish between defensive actions taken with fingertips or with joined arms .
bruno loerzer -lrb- january 22 , 1891 in berlin - august 23 , 1960 in hamburg -rrb- was an officer in the german air force during world war i and luftwaffe during world war ii .
beyond the last mountain -lrb- 1976 -rrb- is a pakistani english language film directed and written by javed jabbar .
pakistanâ s first and only english language film , which was shown at the first bombay international film festival in 1976 .
mattias jonson -lrb- born 16 january 1974 -rrb- is a swedish football player .
he has played for sweden national team .
elizabeth devereaux in her review for publishers weekly said this novel `` neatly blends the humor and frustrations of growing up in a large family . ''
the whole family work together to build josh a ladder and deliver it him on christmas morning .
dad removes the shoe , smooths down the pudding and swears the children to secrecy .
cliff 's baby brother is rushed to the hospital with a severe illness .
the mapped distribution of the leadbeater 's possum exactly matches the area burnt in the fires .
fig pudding is written using an episodic plot style .
the novel was recommended as one of the ten best books of 1995 by the american library association .
fig pudding is a young adult novel written by ralph fletcher . it was first published in 1995 .
the family spends the next christmas at a resort trying to adjust to the loss of brad but the trip does not seem to work .
chris sherman in his review for booklist said that `` fletcher captures perfectly the humor , irritations , and sadness of life in a large , close-knit family and makes cliff a sympathetic and thoughtful narrator , occasionally bewildered by his siblings ' antics but always a completely believable older brother .
they all keep a straight face until uncle eddie says that the fig pudding is the best ever and asks dad if he has added some new ingredient .
when they arrive at the party josh steps by mistake into dad 's special fig pudding .
their spirits rise during a new year 's party at aunt pat 's house .
today we use electronic thermometers . sometimes thermometers with liquids are used , but not with mercury .
there are other kinds of medical thermometers : tympanic thermometers test the temperature of the tympan -lrb- the eardrum -rrb- with infrared ; band thermometers test a person 's temperature on the front of their head .
haaltert is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
argon atoms are found in air .
argon is a chemical element .
the symbol for argon is ar , and its atomic number -lrb- or proton number -rrb- is 18 .
argon atoms are found in air . about 1 % of the earth 's atmosphere -lrb- the air around us -rrb- is argon .
the violence happened more and more often in june and july of 1794 , a period called la grande terreur -lrb- the great terror -rrb- , which ended 27 july 1794 , when several important leaders of the reign of terror were executed , including saint-just and robespierre .
below is the list of wikipedia articles about basketball players who have played for the boston celtics nba team .
we still use that expression now when something unexpected happens . ''
it was thought the species was extinct , because its habitat around bass river in south-west gippsland was cleared for farming in the early 1900s .
tnt is a norwegian hard rock\/heavy metal band . the band was formed in trondheim in 1982 .
according to both sources , he sent yamatotakeru to izumo province and eastern provinces to expand his territory .
no certain dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign . the conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of emperor kammu , who was the 50th monarch of the yamato dynasty .
a carbon footprint is how much carbon goes into the air because of something done by people -lrb- not by nature -rrb- .
just as walking on the sand leaves a footprint , burning fuel leaves carbon dioxide in the air , which is called a carbon footprint .
takashi hirano -lrb- born 15 july 1974 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
karel poborskã 1\/2 -lrb- born 30 march 1972 -rrb- is a former czech football player .
ernest jennings ford -lrb- february 13 , 1919 â `` october 17 , 1991 -rrb- was an american country music and gospel singer and actor .
he hosted a daytime talk\/variety show from 1962 to 1965 known as the tennessee ernie ford show -lrb- later hello , peapickers -rrb- .
he was elected into the country music hall of fame in 1990 and was also elected into the gospel music hall of fame in 1994 .
as a boy , he worked in a porcelain factory where his drawing talents led to him being chosen to paint designs on fine china .
around 1892 , renoir developed rheumatoid arthritis .
the wrapping of his hands with bandages , apparent in late photographs of the artist , served to prevent skin irritation .
renoir painted during the last twenty years of his life , even when arthritis severely limited his movement , and he was wheelchair-bound .
from this period onward he concentrated on nudes and domestic scenes .
it has often been reported that in the advanced stages of his arthritis , he painted by having a brush strapped to his paralyzed fingers , but this is erroneous ; renoir remained able to grasp a brush , although he required an assistant to place it in his hand .
after 1890 , however , he changed direction again , returning to thinly brushed color to dissolve outlines as in his earlier work .
after his marriage , renoir painted many scenes of his wife and daily family life , including their children and their nurse , aline 's cousin .
the painting depicts an open-air scene , crowded with people , at a popular dance garden on the butte montmartre , close to where he lived .
in 1907 , he moved to the warmer climate of `` les collettes , '' a farm at cagnes-sur-mer , close to the mediterranean coast .
young leadbeater 's possums are often eaten by owls .
he developed progressive deformities in his hands and ankylosis of his right shoulder , requiring him to adapt his painting technique .
in 1890 , he married aline victorine charigot . she , with a number of the artist 's friends , had been a model for le dã jeuner des canotiers -lrb- luncheon of the boating party , 1881 -rrb- .
the renoirs had three sons , one of whom , jean , became a film director of note and another , pierre , became a stage and film actor .
the warm sensuality of renoir 's style made his paintings some of the most well-known and reproduced works in the history of art .
in the late 1860s , through the practice of painting light and water en plein air -lrb- in the open air -rrb- , he and his friend claude monet discovered that the color of shadows is not brown or black , but the reflected color of the objects surrounding them , an effect today known as diffuse reflection .
he died in the village of cagnes-sur-mer , provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur , on december 3 .
renoir also used a moving canvas , or picture roll , to help him paint large works .
during this period , he created sculptures by cooperating with a young artist , richard guino , who worked the clay .
makoto kakegawa -lrb- born 23 may 1973 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the bridge was nationalised in 1878 and given to the metropolitan board of works , who removed the toll from it .
in 1844 thomas hood wrote the poem the bridge of sighs about the suicide of a prostitute there .
during the 1840s the bridge gained a reputation as a popular place for suicide attempts .
waterloo bridge is a road and foot traffic bridge crossing the river thames in london , england between blackfriars bridge and hungerford bridge .
edã lson -lrb- born 17 september 1970 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
the city is served by sultan mahmud badaruddin ii airport which has many flights to many cities in indonesia and also to singapore and malaysia .
after a 1025 raid by the chola empire of southern india it became less imortant .
misuse , defacement and destruction of such symbols is considered an offense in many countries .
shingo hoshino -lrb- born 2 may 1978 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
incourt , pas-de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the medieval warm period -lrb- mwp -rrb- or medieval climate optimum was a time of unusually warm climate in the north atlantic region .
most bacteria reproduce by asexual reproduction .
the voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- is the official broadcasting service of the united states government .
once the portal of entry , may be seen extensive gardens in the french style in the middle of fountains , waterfalls and lakes , and the main greenhouse of 458 square meters , which holds in its interior , copies plants characteristic of tropical regions .
behind the greenhouse is the museum of franz krajcberg , the polish brazilian artist who took up the cause of environmental conservation ; with 1,320 square meters of area , divided into multimedia classrooms , an auditorium with 60 seats and lounge with several exhibitions of works donated by visual artist , represented by sculptures and reliefs , as well as photographs , videos , publications and educational materials .
the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , looks like the mid-19th century crystal palace in london , england .
in 1864 he became the hofkapellmeister in munich .
the survival of leadbeater 's possum is in doubt following the disastrous black saturday bushfire that burnt out its only known habitat in february 2009 .
he conducted the first performances of two wagner operas : tristan und isolde -lrb- 1865 -rrb- and die meistersinger von nã 1\/4 rnberg -lrb- 1868 -rrb- .
meanwhile cosima was having a love affair with richard wagner . in 1868 she left her husband to live with wagner , taking their daughters with her .
because andrewsarchus is only known from a skull and a few bones found , whether it was an active predator or merely a large scavenger is open to debate , as is its exact time range .
andrewsarchus mongoliensis -lrb- pronounced ann-drew-sark-us -rrb- , -lrb- andrews + greek á 1\/4 ï ï ï ï , `` ruler '' -rrb- , was a basal , heavily-built , wolf-like , hoofed mammal that lived during the eocene epoch , roughly between 45 and 36 million years ago .
it had a long snout with large , sharp teeth and flat cheek teeth that may have been used to crush bones .
autonoe is about 4 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 24,264,000 km in 772.168 days , at an inclination of 151 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 150 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.369 .
this limits them to mixed-age wet sclerophyll forest with a thick mid-story of acacia .
backlogs which require the attention of administrators may be found at : category : administrative backlog .
in this episode , homer is made to wear a pink shirt to work one day and is mistaken for a `` free thinking anarchist '' and sent to a `` mental institution . '' he 's in a room with a large white man who acts as if he were michael jackson .
in business and accounting , an asset is an economic resource that can be controlled by somebody -lrb- a person or an organization -rrb- .
this enables the coordinates to appear no matter what skin you 're in .
title -lrb- optional -rrb- text to be placed in title of this box . defaults to : links to related articles .
studies have shown that logging in the forest between the yarra valley national park and mount bullfight conservation reserve in february 2006 , led to the deaths of most possums in the area .
hakha chin is a language spoken in southern asia by 446,264 people .
they give birth at the beginning of winter -lrb- may and june -rrb- or late spring -lrb- october and november -rrb- .
renewable energy can also contribute to education , by providing electricity to schools .
most developing countries have good renewable energy resources , including solar energy , wind power , geothermal energy , and biomass .
for an investment of as little as $ 100 for the panel and wiring , the pv system can be used to charge a car battery , which can then provide power to run a fluorescent lamp or a small television for a few hours a day .
these can help developing countries reduce their dependence on oil and natural gas .
interest in renewable energies has increased in recent years due to environmental concerns about global warming and air pollution , reduced costs of renewable energy technologies , and improved efficiency and reliability .
they are omnivorous , they eat a range of tree saps , lerps , and arthropods which they find under the loose bark of eucalyptus trees such as spiders , crickets , and beetles .
in rural and remote areas , transmission and distribution of energy generated from fossil fuels can be difficult and expensive .
steven pienaar -lrb- born 17 march 1982 -rrb- is a south african football player .
his intention with the 11 march 2004 madrid attacks was to damage spain 's `` psyche '' in order to influence elections and to start a domino effect which would eventually affect britain 's tony blair , italy 's silvio berlusconi , and the u.s. president george w. bush .
in the spring of 2003 , while secretly traveling undetected to pakistan and saudi arabia , abu hafiza recruited al qaeda combatants for the battles in fallujah .
he again secretly traveled undetected to pakistan , in the fall of 2003 , this time to the mountains of waziristan , where he met osama bin laden and ayman al-zawahiri to propose strategies for al qaeda 's 2004 campaign .
les esseintes is a commune .
katsuhiro minamoto -lrb- born 2 july 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the main matches on the undercard featured triple h vs. the undertaker , the second tables , ladders , and chairs match for the wwf tag team champã onship , and vince mcmahon versus shane mcmahon in a street fight .
wrestlemania x-seven was the seventeenth yearly wrestlemania professional wrestling pay-per-view made by the world wrestling federation -lrb- wwf -rrb- .
the hanyu shuiping kaoshi , -lrb- simplified chinese : æ è æ å è è ; traditional chinese : æ 1\/4 cents è æ å è è ; hanyu pinyin : hã nyç '' shuç pã ng kç oshã -rrb- , shortened as hsk , is the people 's republic of china 's only standardized test of standard mandarin chinese proficiency for non-native speakers , such as foreign students , overseas chinese , and members of ethnic minority groups in china .
without help from people , and if population of about 1000 can survive for another 150 years , natural tree hollows will begin to develop in the trees that started growing after black friday .
it is also known as the `` chinese proficiency test '' .
these links to the norwegian parliament were later weakened so that the committee became more independent .
the norwegian labor party , which had a majority of seats in the norwegian parliament made this change .
six weeks later , on august 2 , 1988 , carver died in port angeles , washington , from lung cancer at the age of 50 .
later , the house became so popular that the couple had to hang a sign outside that read `` writers at work '' so that people would leave them alone .
in june 1957 , aged 19 , he married 16-year-old maryann burk . she had just graduated from a private episcopal school for girls .
carver 's mother sometimes worked as a waitress and as a clerk in a shop .
carver supported his family by working as a janitor , sawmill laborer , delivery man , and library assistant .
carver believed he would have died of alcoholism at the age of 40 if he had n't found a way to stop drinking .
carver became interested in writing in california . he had moved there with his family because his mother-in-law had a home in paradise .
in his spare time he read mostly novels by mickey spillane or publications such as sports afield and outdoor life and hunted and fished with friends and family .
carver and schmitz soon became friends , and carver 's first book of poems , near klamath , was later written and published with helpful advice from schmitz .
in the same year , he was inducted into the american academy of arts and letters .
i do n't know why it was silver , it just sounded better than maxwell 's hammer .
the parameter may contain templates , images , etc. , if a block needs to be wrapped in this template and contains such elements .
in 1980 , they moved to syracuse . gallagher was the coordinator of the creative writing program at syracuse university .
he worked there until he was fired in 1970 for his inappropriate writing style .
during this period he was first published and served as editor for the university literary magazine called toyon .
his father was a skilled sawmill worker from arkansas . he was a fisherman and a heavy drinker .
he said that he eventually more or less gave up writing and started drinking all of the time .
with his appearance in the respected `` foley collection , '' the impending publication of near klamath by the english club of sacramento state college , and the death of his father , 1967 was a landmark year for carver .
when he knew the cancer would kill him , he wrote a poem about that bonus of 10 years , called `` gravy . ''
in 1982 , carver and first wife , maryann , were divorced .
he married gallagher in 1988 in reno , nevada .
in the fall semester of 1973 , carver was a teacher in the iowa writers ' workshop with john cheever , but carver said that they did less teaching than drinking and almost no writing .
during their marriage , maryann worked as a waitress , salesperson , administrative assistant , and high school english teacher .
during his years of working different jobs , rearing children , and trying to write , carver started to drink heavily .
the next year , after leaving iowa city , cheever went to a treatment center to try to overcome his alcoholism , but carver continued drinking for three years .
in the 1970s and 1980s as his writing career began to take off , carver taught for several years at universities throughout the united states .
i now pronounce you chuck & larry -lrb- a.k.a. chuck and larry -rrb- is a comedy movie made in 2007 .
throughout the rest of 2006 , the futureheads started their own independent record label , nul records , and started working on songs for their next album .
the song `` decent days and nights '' from the album was featured in the video game soundtrack to burnout 3 on playstation 2 and xbox as well as ea 's rugby 2005 .
in june , 2007 , they reportedly completed work on their third album , this is not the world , which was released in may , 2008 .
the second single from their album `` radio heart '' was released on may 19 , 2008 from their album this is not the world followed by the release of the music video for the single on april 16 .
the band toured the united states . they later supported the pixies , foo fighters and snow patrol .
dave was left with nothing , forcing him to take up the drums .
on february 21 , 2005 , `` hounds of love '' , a cover of a kate bush song , was released as a single .
he also said that the band was close to splitting during the time after the second album was released .
the futureheads played their first gig at ashbrooke cricket and rugby club in december , 2000 .
on may 8 , 2005 sunderland a.f.c. picked up the coca-cola championship trophy .
the first electric passenger trains ran in 1914 , limited to the west london line route -lrb- willesden to earls court -rrb- , and full services over the whole network did not commence until 1922 , work having been delayed by the first world war .
the rest of the album was produced by paul epworth .
the first single from the album was `` skip to the end '' released on may 15 .
the band is influenced by new wave and post-punk bands such as devo , xtc , wire , and the post-hardcore fugazi .
during 1909-1922 , the london and north western railway embarked on a large-scale project to electrify their whole london inner-suburban network , encompassing the lines from london euston to watford and the north london railway from london broad street to richmond . this also included branch lines such as watford to croxley green -lrb- where a depot was built to house the electric units -rrb- , and links to what was to become the london underground network .
they used the sunderland city detached youth project building -lrb- where brewis and hyde worked -rrb- as a free practice space . the project was meant to get young people off the streets by using music .
they first performed in 2000 . the reputation in the area grew through word-of-mouth .
the stand-alone ep , area was released in november , 2005 while the band was working on their second album news and tributes . according to nme in february , 2006 , it took only five weeks to make .
in 2009 the band played at the biggest open-air festival in europe -lrb- 400,000 - 500,000 rock fans every year -rrb- - przystanek woodstock in poland .
in december , 2007 the band released a video of them walking around carnaby street , london to the single `` the beginning of the twist . ''
in november , 2009 , the band allowed fans to download a new free track , `` struck dumb , '' for a period of two weeks .
their name comes from the title of the the flaming lips album , hit to death in the future head .
os\/2 is an operating system that was made by ibm .
the jewish cemetery of besanã on is the only jewish cemetery in besanã on , capital of franche-comt ã -lrb- france -rrb- .
nozomi hiroyama -lrb- born 6 may 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the hyundai sonata is a car produced by hyundai since 1985 .
asparagus is a large genus of flowering plants , including many different species . one of these is often grown to be pretty , the `` asparagus fern '' , asparagus setaceus -lrb- although it is not a real fern -rrb- .
one of these is often grown to be pretty , the `` asparagus fern '' , asparagus setaceus -lrb- although it is not a real fern -rrb- . the best known plant in this group is asparagus officinalis , which is an important food plant .
asparagus is a large genus of flowering plants , including many different species .
the peshitta -lrb- classical syriac for `` simple , common , straight , vulgate '' -rrb- is the standard version of the syriac bible .
the old testament of the peshitta was translated from the hebrew , probably in the 2nd century .
it is the home of the los angeles philharmonic orchestra . it seats 2,265 people .
in most countries , an unincorporated association does not have separate legal personality , and nor do members of the association usually enjoy limited liability .
associations that are organized for profit or financial gain are usually called partnerships .
-lrb- 2 -rrb- no one may be compelled to belong to an association .
however , in some countries they are treated as having separate legal personality for tax purposes .
associations may take the form of a non-profit organization or they may be not-for-profit corporations ; this does not mean that the association can not make benefits from its activity , but all the benefits must be reinvested .
in most of the cases no formalities are necessary to start an association .
most associations have some kind of document or documents that regulate the way in which the body meets and operates .
but in some jurisdictions , there is a minimum for the number of persons starting an association , in others the association must register with the police or other official body to inform the public of the association 's existence .
it is the highest point in the netherlands .
a voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body -lrb- or organization -rrb- to work together for a purpose .
such an instrument is often called the organization 's bylaws , regulations , or agreement of association .
article 20 -lrb- 1 -rrb- everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and association .
he has played for urawa red diamonds and japan national team .
masaki tsuchihashi -lrb- born 23 july 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
cerdon is a commune .
the feeling was still strong that none had a right to rule over western asia until he had been consecrated to the office by bel and his priests ; and accordingly , cyrus henceforth assumed the imperial title of `` king of babylon . ''
one of the first acts of cyrus was to allow these exiles to return to their own homes , carrying with them the images of their god and their sacred vessels .
the invasion of babylonia by cyrus was doubtless helped by the presence of foreign forced exiles like the jews , who had been planted in the midst of the country .
mount scenery is a lava dome in the netherlands .
cyrus did not arrive until the 3rd of marchesvan -lrb- october -rrb- , gobryas having acted for him in his absence .
naoki chiba -lrb- born 24 july 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for vegalta sendai .
the prayer of manasseh is a short work of 15 verses of the penitential prayer of the judean king manasseh .
the organization is intended to monitor and promote the peaceful and safe use of nuclear energy with protection from harmful radiation and , also , to prevent the use of this energy to build nuclear weapons .
spurgeon was the pastor of the presybterian church in london for 38 years .
spurgeon 's wife was often too sick to leave their home to hear him preach .
his sermons were published every week , and many people read them .
it later turned into spurgeon 's child care -lrb- and then into spurgeon 's -rrb- .
on january 8 , 1856 , spurgeon got married to susannah spurgeon .
he died near nice in france , on january 31 , 1892 .
it got that name when spurgeon used word `` downgrade '' when talking about how other baptists looked at the bible .
near the end of his life , he had poor health with rheumatism , gout , and bright 's disease .
saldus is a town in latvia with town rights since 1917 .
jo nakajima -lrb- born 3 july 1980 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
masayuki yanagisawa -lrb- born 27 august 1979 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for yokohama .
wrexham f.c. is a football club which plays in wales .
inside this canal is the spinal cord .
on march 28 , 2005 , nielsen media research shows that adult swim is now separate from cartoon network -lrb- like nickelodeon 's nick at nite -rrb- . adult swim is part of turner broadcasting system .
adult swim is part of turner broadcasting system .
therefore , people on komodo island moved their graves from sandy to clay ground and piled rocks on top to stop the lizards from digging up dead bodies .
the scales around its ears , lips , chin , and bottoms of the feet may have three or more of these connections .
attock is a city in pakistan .
large dragons can survive on as little as 12 meals a year .
instead , it drinks by taking a mouthful of water , lifting its head , and letting the water run down its throat .
the komodo dragon 's nostrils are not very useful for smelling , because it does not have a diaphragm .
they can run up to 20 kilometers per hour -lrb- 12.4 mph -rrb- , dive up to 4.5 metres -lrb- 15 ft -rrb- at top speed for short periods of time . when they are young , they climb trees with their strong claws .
because the komodo dragon does not have a diaphragm , it can not suck water when drinking . it can not lap water with its tongue either .
the komodo dragon digs holes for protection with its powerful legs and claws . these holes can be from 1 â `` 3 metres -lrb- 3 â `` 10 ft -rrb- wide .
komodo dragons do not chew their food . they eat by biting and pulling off large chunks of flesh and swallowing them whole .
the zoo keeper had told him to take off his white shoes , which could have excited the komodo dragon . bronstein was bitten on his bare foot .
as of may 2009 , there are 13 european , 2 african , 35 north american , 1 singaporean , and 2 australian institutions that keep komodo dragons .
it is done in the ocean or sea , where the surfer uses his surfboard to catch a wave , and ride in towards the shore .
they can swallow smaller prey , up to the size of a goat , whole .
komodo dragons live alone . they come together only to breed and eat .
the komodo dragon uses its tongue to taste and smell like many other reptiles . they have a special part of the body called the jacobson 's organ for smelling .
buying or selling komodo dragons or their skins is illegal as part of an international law called cites -lrb- the convention on international trade in endangered species -rrb- .
dragons breath using a small tube under the tongue that connects to the lungs . this allows it to continue breathing even while swallowing large things .
with the help of a good wind , they can smell dead animals from 4 â `` 9.5 kilometres -lrb- 2.5 â `` 6 mi -rrb- away .
komodo dragons can eat up to 80 percent of its body weight in one meal . after swallowing its food , it drags itself to a sunny place to speed up digestion so the food does not rot and poison the dragon .
it is able to see as far away as 300 meters -lrb- 985 feet -rrb- , but it is thought to have poor night vision .
komodo dragons make much saliva to help the food move easily , but swallowing still takes a long time -lrb- 15 â `` 20 minutes to swallow a goat -rrb- .
the komodo dragon is able to see in color , but has trouble seeing objects that do not move .
the komodo dragon 's diet includes invertebrates , other reptiles -lrb- including smaller komodo dragons -rrb- , birds , bird eggs , small mammals , monkeys , wild boars , goats , deer , horses , and water buffalo .
the people who live in komodo island call them ora , buaja durat -lrb- land crocodile -rrb- or biawak raksasa -lrb- giant monitor -rrb- .
after vomiting , it rubs its face in the dirt or on bushes to get rid of the mucus .
it only has a few taste buds in the back of its throat .
as the sun rotates once in about 27 days , the magnetic field transported by the solar wind gets wrapped into a spiral .
for the first ten billion kilometres of its radius , the solar wind travels at over a million kilometres per hour .
the solar wind is made of particles , charged -lrb- ionized -rrb- atoms from the solar corona , and fields , in particular magnetic fields .
in march 2005 , measurements by the solar wind anisotropies -lrb- swan -rrb- instrument onboard the solar and heliospheric observatory -lrb- soho -rrb- have shown that the heliosphere , the solar wind-filled volume which prevents the solar system from becoming embedded in the local -lrb- ambient -rrb- interstellar medium , is not axisymmetrical , but is distorted , very likely under the effect of the local galactic magnetic field .
salmond became the party leader again in 2004 and stood in the 2007 scottish parliament election for the constituency of gordon .
paul mccartney said : `` the only arguments were about things like me spending three days on maxwell 's silver hammer .
nader was born in winsted , connecticut . his parents , nathra and rose nader , were lebanese immigrants .
although electrically neutral atoms from interstellar volume can pass through this bubble , almost all of the material in the heliosphere comes from the sun itself .
the heliosphere is a bubble in space `` blown '' into the interstellar medium -lrb- the hydrogen and helium gas that fill the galaxy -rrb- by the solar wind .
differences in the sun 's magnetic field are carried outward by the solar wind and can produce magnetic storms in the earth 's magnetosphere .
the point where the solar wind slows down is the termination shock ; the point where the interstellar medium and solar wind pressures balance is called the heliopause ; the point where the interstellar medium , traveling in the opposite direction , slows down as it collides with the heliosphere is the bow shock .
lashley went to missouri valley college . while he was there , he won three national amateur wrestling championships between 1996 and 1998 .
this made lashley the first african american to hold the ecw title . lashley lost the title to vince mcmahon in may of 2007 .
on september 23 2005 , lashley made his televised wwe debut on smackdown !
during 2005 , lashley appeared at four live events for both the raw and smackdown !
during 1997 and 1998 he was the naia national wrestling champion .
one of suinin 's daughters was yamatohime-no-mikoto . she established a site for ceremonies honoring the shinto sun goddess -lrb- amaterasu omikami -rrb- .
no certain dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign . the conventionally accepted names and sequence of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as `` traditional '' until the reign of emperor kammu , who was the 50th monarch of the yamato dynasty .
in the region of ise , she founded the ise shrine .
klaas-jan huntelaar -lrb- born 12 august 1983 -rrb- is a dutch football player .
hestrus is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
several of the species transmit important human diseases and one species , aedes albopictus , is the most invasive mosquito in the world .
aedes is a genus of mosquito originally found in tropical and subtropical zones , but has spread by human activity to all continents excluding antarctica .
the name comes from the greek aä `` dä `` s , meaning `` unpleasant '' or `` odious '' , so called because of the diseases this type of mosquito transmits , including dengue fever and yellow fever .
however , by 1902 punnett was back at cambridge working in zoology , primarily the study of nematode worms .
during world war i , punnett successfully applied his expertise to the problem of the early determination of gender in chickens .
punnett 's work in this area was summarized in heredity in poultry -lrb- 1923 -rrb- .
punnett is probably best remembered today as the creator of the punnett square , a tool still used by biologists to predict the probability of possible genotypes of offspring .
his mendelism -lrb- 1905 -rrb- is sometimes said to have been the first textbook on genetics ; it was probably the first popular science book to introduce genetics to the public .
in 1908 , unable to explain how a dominant gene would not become fixed and ubiquitous in a population , punnett introduced his problem to the mathematician g. h. hardy , with whom he played cricket .
between these degrees he worked as a demonstrator and part-time lecturer at the university of st andrews natural history department .
since only females were used for egg-production , early identification of male chicks , which were destroyed or separated for fattening , meant that limited animal-feed and other resources could be used more efficiently .
professor reginald crundall punnett frs -lrb- tonbridge , kent , 20 june 1875 â `` bilbrook , somerset , 3 january 1967 -rrb- was a british geneticist who co-founded , with william bateson , the journal of genetics in 1910 .
he and bateson co-discovered genetic linkage through experiments with chickens and pea plants .
while recovering from a childhood bout of appendicitis , punnett became acquainted with jardine 's naturalist 's library and developed an interest in natural history .
william bateson became a proponent of mendelian genetics , and had mendel 's work translated into english .
when punnett was an undergraduate , gregor mendel 's work on inheritance was largely unknown and unappreciated by scientists .
the fourth and last game made by naughty dog with crash and company was crash team racing , a racing game where nitrous oxide , an alien , challenged the earth inhabitants to a cart race . after naughty dog , other companies made many more games in the crash bandicoot series , and not only for playstation .
however , in 1900 , mendel 's work was rediscovered .
this page lists times between 10 3 seconds and 10 2 seconds -lrb- 1 millisecond to 10 milliseconds -rrb- .
paddles commonly used in canoes consist of a wooden , fibreglass or metal rod -lrb- the shaft -rrb- with a handle on one end and a rigid sheet -lrb- the blade -rrb- on the other end .
paddles for use in kayaks are longer , with a blade on each end , and usually no handles .
it out in a platform game called crash bandicoot , where crash has to save his girlfriend tawna from the evil doctor neo cortex .
given the long orbit that tnos have around the sun , huya comes to opposition in early may of each year at an apparent magnitude of 19.3 .
a disease or medical condition is an abnormality of the body or mind that causes pain and discomfort , dysfunction , distress , or death to the person afflicted or those in contact with the person .
the term is sometimes used broadly to include injuries , disabilities , disorders , syndromes , infections , symptoms , deviant behaviors , and atypical variations of structure and function , while in other contexts these may be considered separate categories .
after crash bandicoot , naughty dog made a sequel -lrb- another videogame -rrb- , crash bandicoot 2 : cortex strikes back , where crash saves the world from cortex for a second time .
some recently developed cultivars have drooping heads .
sunflowers can be processed into a peanut butter alternative , sunbutter .
they grow best in fertile , wet , well-drained soil with a lot of mulch .
sunflower `` whole seed '' -lrb- fruit -rrb- are sold as a snack food , after roasting in ovens , with or without salt added .
a range of sunflower varieties exist with differing fatty acid compositions ; some ` high oleic ' types contain a higher level of healthy monounsaturated fats in their oil than olive oil .
sunflowers also produce latex and are the subject of experiments to improve their suitability as an alternative crop for producing hypoallergenic rubber .
the cake remaining after the seeds have been processed for oil is used as a livestock feed .
these cultivars are less attractive to gardeners growing the flowers as ornamental plants , but appeal to farmers , because they reduce bird damage and losses from some plant diseases .
the main character in the crash bandicoot games , is also called crash bandicoot .
in germany , it is mixed together with rye flour to make sonnenblumenkernbrot -lrb- literally : sunflower whole seed bread -rrb- , which is quite popular in german-speaking europe .
sunflower oil , extracted from the seeds , is used for cooking , as a carrier oil and to produce margarine and biodiesel , as it is cheaper than olive oil .
she has starred in the television movies , another cinderella story and princess protection program .
brentwood college school is a boarding school for boys and girls that helps students get ready for university .
in art , he is shown as a bearded mummified man , often wearing a skull cap , holding a djed .
the jobi manucode -lrb- manucodia jobiensis -rrb- is a medium-sized bird of paradise , that grows up to 34cm long . it looks greenish blue , black and purple glossed crow-like with red iris , lightly crinkled bluish short upper breast and neck feathers .
the momentum equations are the equations that make it hard to solve problems in fluid dynamics .
studying how fluid dynamics can be done with computers is called computational fluid dynamics -lrb- or cfd for short -rrb- .
if sulfur dioxide and manganese dioxide are reacted , it produces manganese -lrb- ii -rrb- sulfate .
it contains manganese and sulfate ions .
most work for insurance companies , but others work in all kinds of finance companies . actuaries still figure out how much money needs to be paid for life insurance , as well as other kinds of money promises , like pensions , car insurance , house insurance , and similar .
if sulfur dioxide and manganese dioxide are reacted , it produces manganese -lrb- ii -rrb- sulfate . it reacts with potassium permanganate to make manganese dioxide .
it contains manganese and sulfate ions . its chemical formula is mnso4 .
it is part of a process to make manganese metal .
it reacts with potassium permanganate to make manganese dioxide . it is used to add manganese to soil .
the convention said that `` the contracting powers shall use their best endeavors to control , or to cause to be controlled , all persons manufacturing , importing , selling , distributing , and exporting morphine , cocaine , and their respective salts , as well as the buildings in which these persons carry such an industry or trade . ''
the use of indian hemp and the preparations derived therefrom may only be authorized for medical and scientific purposes .
the international opium convention was the first drug control treaty -lrb- or agreement -rrb- . it was signed at the hague in the netherlands on january 23 , 1912 .
it introduced control system to be looked after by a permanent central opium board , part of the league of nations .
the raw resin -lrb- charas -rrb- , however , which is extracted from the female tops of the cannabis sativa l , together with the various preparations -lrb- hashish , chira , esrar , diamba , etc. -rrb- of which it forms the basis , not being at present utilized for medical purposes and only being susceptible of utilisation for harmful purposes , in the same manner as other narcotics , may not be produced , sold , traded in , etc. , under any circumstances whatsoever .
the convention was superseded by the 1961 single convention on narcotic drugs .
the united states organised a conference between 13 countries called the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china because people complained more and more about opium trade .
a modified international opium convention was signed on february 19 , 1925 , which started on september 25 , 1928 .
india and other countries did not agree to this language , saying social and religious customs and that wild-growing cannabis plants being available in many places , that would make it difficult to enforce , so this never made it into the final treaty .
these restrictions still made it easy for countries to allow production , internal trade , and use of cannabis for recreational purposes .
it also required parties to `` exercise an effective control of such a nature as to prevent the illicit international traffic in indian hemp and especially in the resin . ''
egypt , with support from
a compromise was made that banned the export of indian hemp to countries that have banned its use . importing countries were made to issue certificates approving the import and stating that the shipment was required `` exclusively for medical or scientific purposes . ''
nocera inferiore , is a town and comune in campania , italy , in the province of salerno , at the foot of monte albino , 20 km east-south-east of naples by rail , 135 f. above sea-level .
nuceria alfaterna appears to have been the chief town in the valley of the sarnus , herculaneum , pompeii , stabiae and surrentum all being dependent upon it .
in 1385 pope urban vi was besieged in the castle of charles of durazzo .
in this environment , it was a predator at the top of the food chain , probably preying on other large dinosaurs like the hadrosaur saurolophus or the sauropod nemegtosaurus .
it was a tyrannosaurid theropod dinosaur that flourished between 70 and 65 million years ago , at the end of the cretaceous period .
the three-toed hind limbs were long and thick , supporting the body in a bipedal posture .
the long , heavy tail served as a counterweight to the head and torso and placed the center of gravity over the hips .
they got engaged just before bush went to fight in the second world war . he was a torpedo bomber of the united states navy .
her birthplace is rye , new york , near new york city . her birth name is barbara pierce .
in 1961 levin married barbara halpern .
bell gave a full description of his experiments in a paper read before the `` american association for the advancement of science '' in august , 1882 .
he was the honorary president of the `` second international congress of eugenics '' held at the american museum of natural history in new york in 1921 .
in 1879 , this company joined with the new england telephone company to form the national bell telephone company . in 1880 , they formed the american bell telephone company , and in 1885 , american telephone and telegraph company -lrb- at&t -rrb- , still a large company today .
bell is also credited with the invention of an improved metal detector in 1881 that made sounds when it was near metal .
bell was an active supporter of the eugenics movement in the united states .
in 1879 , this company joined with the new england telephone company to form the national bell telephone company .
the metal detector worked , but did not find the bullet because of the metal bedframe the president was lying on .
her sister is dannii minogue .
the lner class a4 was a type of steam locomotive made in england in 1935 . it was designed by sir nigel gresley for the london north eastern railway .
this turned out to be a good financial decision for nfg in the 1940s and 50s , when increased demand for natural gas led to long pipelines in the eastern states being connected to new pipelines and fields in the southwestern states .
national fuel gas was one of the first gas utility companies in the united states , and so they have been the first to create some new technologies .
engineers at the company discovered that empty underground gas fields could be used to store gas that has been taken from the ground somewhere else .
on 17 may 2005 , minogue was diagnosed with breast cancer .
nfg could then buy huge amounts of cheaper summer gas from the southwest , pipe it to the new york storage fields , pump it down into the ground , then take it back out when demand and prices went up in the winter months .
the energy marketing division markets natural gas to industrial , commercial , government , and residential customers .
the pipeline and storage division provides interstate natural gas transportation and storage services for related and non-related companies .
national fuel gas co. is traded on the new york stock exchange under the ticker symbol nfg .
national fuel gas , co. is an energy company .
in 1975 , with the introduction of `` balanced billing '' , the company claimed that it was `` the only gas utility in the country '' with a flexible plan for customers to pay bills in eleven equal monthly payments , with settlement of any overpayment or underpayment in the twelfth month .
the utility division sells natural gas or moves natural gas from one part of the country to another .
national fuel gas was incorporated in 1902 and is based in williamsville , new york .
hideaki hagino -lrb- born 30 january 1973 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
minogue was born in melbourne , australia .
wesermã 1\/4 nde and bremerhaven were unified in the year 1939 to wesermã 1\/4 nde .
the men 's world record of 2.45 metres was set in 1993 by javier sotomayor -lrb- cuba -rrb- .
dwight lyman -lrb- d.l. -rrb- moody -lrb- february 5 , 1837 â `` december 22 , 1899 -rrb- was an american evangelist and publisher . he started the moody church , northfield school and mount hermon school in massachusetts -lrb- now the northfield mount hermon school -rrb- , the moody bible institute and moody publishers .
he started the moody church , northfield school and mount hermon school in massachusetts -lrb- now the northfield mount hermon school -rrb- , the moody bible institute and moody publishers .
minogue had surgery for it on 21 may 2005 at a hospital in malvern , victoria , and started chemotherapy soon afterwards .
stephen tataw -lrb- born 31 march 1963 -rrb- is a former cameroonian football player . he has played for cameroon national team .
porno graffitti is a japanese j-pop band .
a dna construct may express wildtype protein , or prevent the expression of certain genes by expressing competitors or inhibitors . it may express mutant proteins , such as deletion mutations or missense mutations .
it often contains a dna insert , which contains the gene sequence encoding a protein of interest . the dna insert has been subcloned into a molecular biology vector .
a dna construct is often used in molecular biology to analyze macromolecules such as proteins or rna in more detail .
the abe clan are said to have descended from a son of emperor kå gen.
it just so happens in this batch of songs i would look at these subjects and thought it was good for writing .
sam brownback is the governor of kansas .
they are the largest wrestling promotion in japan and one of the largest in the world .
new japan pro wrestling -lrb- njpw -rrb- is a major professional wrestling promotion that was founded in 1972 .
njpw is known for openly engaging in working agreements with various mma and pro wrestling promotions around the world , including : world wrestling entertainment , world championship wrestling , total nonstop action wrestling , war , ring of honor , pride fighting championships , and various other mma\/pro wrestling promotions .
daisuke aono -lrb- born 19 september 1979 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
many of these officers would dress and pretend to be drunk homeless people or as decoy victims in order to catch muggers who were attacking them due to being unable to help themselves .
an undercover police officer will wear a headband , wristband or other piece of clothing in the same color as the `` color of the day '' ; this color is told to officers at the station house before they start work .
it is mostly known to be used by the new york city police department -lrb- nypd -rrb- , the nypd transit bureau -lrb- which was called the new york city transit police -rrb- and the nypd housing bureau -lrb- which was called the new york city housing authority police department -rrb- and other law enforcement agencies when they are at work in new york city .
it has many police and law enforcement officers such as ; the nypd , the -lrb- mta -rrb- police -lrb- that used to be called the metro north commuter railroad police -rrb- , the port authority police , the fbi , the department of homeland security , the drug enforcement administration , and u.s. customs and others .
the nypd street crimes unit started in 1971 .
the color of the day recognition system is written about by authors and people who study the police in schools but it is not often known about by most people in new york .
shelf life is can be changed by many things : exposure to light and heat , transmission of gases -lrb- including humidity -rrb- , mechanical stresses , and contamination by things such as micro-organisms .
new york city is a very large metropolitan city with a population of over 8,310,000 people with over 18,800,000 people living in the area around it .
books that talk about it are roger abell 's the black shields -lrb- a discussion of african american policing in new york -rrb- , greg faliis ' just the facts ma ` am , and leslie glass ' novel , a killing gift .
undercover officers were asked to go into the subways in plain-clothes or dressed as a homeless person as a decoy .
during the late 1970s , the 1980s and early 1990s , new york city had a lot more crime than it does today .
they are usually enzymatically catalyzed which changes reaction rates , but with constant catalytic action , the rule of thumb is still mostly applicable .
the system is also used so that a uniformed officer will not disturb a person who is really an undercover police officer who is acting as a homeless person so that criminals will rob him .
many of these officers were black and had a fear that as they looked like civilian homeless people that uniformed officers would think that they were criminals if they used their guns .
at the beginning headbands were given out to each street crime unit member , that were in the color of the day : beginning the use of the color of the day system .
later this included wristbands and today 's officers often dress in the color : i.e. : t-shirts , shoes , and hats .
the privy council investigation declared that the story was false . however , james francis edward 's birth was one of the reasons why the glorious revolution happened .
they were louise mary and the jacobite james francis edward stuart , who became known in history as `` the old pretender '' .
the `` queen over the water '' â '' as jacobites -lrb- followers of james ii -rrb- called maryâ '' was exiled to france . she lived with her family in the chã cents teau de saint-germain-en-laye , which louis xiv of france had given her .
when james ii died in 1701 , the jacobites saw james francis edward as king .
mary was born as a princess of the italian duchy of modena . she is mostly remembered for the birth of james francis edward .
later , `` james iii '' was forced to leave france because of the treaty of utrecht . this left mary without any family in france -lrb- princess louise mary had died of smallpox -rrb- .
in the glorious revolution , king james ii was deposed by his daughter mary and her husband william iii of orange .
this left mary without any family in france -lrb- princess louise mary had died of smallpox -rrb- .
mary beatrice d'este was the older child of alfonso iv , duke of modena and his wife laura martinozzi . she was born on 5 october 1658 ns in modena .
mary died of cancer in 1718 .
her only sibling , francesco , became a duke when his father died in 1662 .
when james died , mary spent a lot of time with the nuns at the convent of chaillot .
mary 's education was very good . she spoke french and italian well , and had a knew much of latin and , later , english .
the bavaria film studios and a castle are in grã 1\/4 nwald .
southern ireland was the twenty-six county irish state created by the government of ireland act 1920 .
therefore , this is a heuristic solution .
some of the songs from his operettas have become very well-known , especially `` vilja '' from the merry widow and `` you are my heart 's delight '' -lrb- `` dein ist mein ganzes herz '' -rrb- from the land of smiles .
the best known one is the merry widow -lrb- in german : die lustige witwe -rrb- which is probably the most popular of all operettas . he also wrote sonatas , symphonic poems , marches , and a number of waltzes , some of which come from his famous operettas .
the falklands war was a war between the united kingdom and argentina over the falkland islands in 1982 .
dulmial is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of choa saidan shah tehsil and is located at 32 â 43 ' 60n 72 â 55 ' 0e .
against all odds -lrb- 2009 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by total nonstop action wrestling -lrb- tna -rrb- , which will take place on february 8 , 2009 at the tna impact !
hinduism is the second largest religious affiliation in bangladesh , covering over at least 14 % of the population .
on the other hand , ` elevated ' temperatures short of these result in increased growth and reproduction ; if the organism is harmful , perhaps to dangerous levels .
sometimes dinner can mean a meal eaten in the middle of the day .
masafumi hara -lrb- born 21 december 1943 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
they speak an old dialect of german , known as pennsylvania german .
the ancestors of the amish came from germany in the 18th century , and now most of the amish live in pennsylvania -lrb- lancaster county -rrb- and ohio , in the united states .
the ancestors of the amish came from germany in the 18th century , and now most of the amish live in pennsylvania -lrb- lancaster county -rrb- and ohio , in the united states . they are related to the mennonites .
koichi ae -lrb- born 15 april 1976 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
bacteria are everywhere , and foods left unused too long will often get large amounts of bacterial living in them . it may be dangerous to eat them and lead to food poisoning .
the philippine revolution -lrb- 1896 -- 1898 -rrb- was an armed conflict between the spanish colonial regime and the katipunan .
renty is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
pierre-luc gagnon , sometimes known as `` plg '' for short -lrb- born may 2 , 1980 in boucherville , quebec -rrb- is a canadian professional skateboarder .
this is the reason high temperatures kill bacteria and other micro organisms ; ` tissue ' breakdown reactions reach such rates that they can not be compensated for and the cell dies .
the combined airline will take the united airlines name but use continental 's globe and livery .
principal operations are from its three hubs at newark liberty international airport , george bush intercontinental airport , and cleveland hopkins international airport .
frã micourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
john ronald reuel tolkien -lrb- january 3 , 1892 â `` september 2 , 1973 -rrb- was a philologist , university professor , and writer . tolkien is best known for his most famous works , the hobbit and the lord of the rings .
members of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
the usually quoted rule of thumb is that chemical reactions double their rate for each temperature increase of 10 celsius degrees -lrb- câ -rrb- because of activation energy barriers become more easily surmounted at higher temperatures .
first all-star team bobby hull â cents stan mikita â cents gordie howe bobby orr â cents tim horton gump worsley second all-star team johnny bucyk â cents phil esposito â cents rod gilbert j.c. tremblay â cents jim neilson
the nhl all-star teams were first named at the end of the 1930 â `` 31 nhl season , to honor the best performers over the season at each position .
philip ifil -lrb- born 18 november 1986 -rrb- is an english football player .
pierre van hooijdonk -lrb- born 29 november 1969 -rrb- is a former dutch football player .
mitsugu nomura -lrb- born 21 november 1956 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the eurasian lynx -lrb- lynx lynx -rrb- is a medium-sized cat native to europe -lrb- including finland , sweden , norway -rrb- and asia .
in contrast , if milk already has harmful bacteria , the use-by dates do not matter .
foster 's home for imaginary friends is a children 's cartoon that is shown on cartoon network . it was created by craig mccracken , who also made the powerpuff girls .
in the show 's world , imaginary friends are as real as humans . once the creator decides he or she does not want the imaginary friend anymore , they are sent to live at `` foster 's home for imaginary friends , '' an adoption home for the unwanted imaginary friends .
zinn died of a heart attack while swimming on january 27 , 2010 .
the space between the end of the reed and the end of the mouthpiece is called the tip opening .
the facing -lrb- or lay -rrb- is the part of the reed that starts to curve around the end of the mouthpiece .
for example , the amber bottle used for many beers blocks damaging wavelengths of light .
the reed is placed near the player 's bottom lip . this area is called the table .
most ligatures are made from metal or plastic .
nabringhen is a commune . it is found in the nord-pas-de-calais region in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
bathing is putting the body into a fluid , most often water , or a solution with water .
max tonetto -lrb- born 18 november 1974 -rrb- is an italian football player .
winter ascent of certain munros are widely accepted to provide among the most challenging ice climbs in europe .
despite their modest height , walking and climbing in the scottish mountains may be made dangerous by their latitude and exposure to atlantic weather systems .
except for infant formula and some baby foods , product dating is not required by federal regulations .
even in summer , conditions can be very bad ; thick fog , strong winds , driving rain and freezing summit temperatures are not unusual .
a munro is a scottish mountain with a height over 3,000 feet -lrb- 914.4 metres -rrb- .
some walkers are unprepared for the often extreme weather conditions on the exposed tops and many fatalities are recorded every year , often resulting from slips on wet rock or ice .
some famous tokusatsu features include godzilla , kamen rider , and super sentai .
tourette syndrome can also be called tourette 's syndrome , tourette 's disorder , gts , tourette 's , or ts . people that have tourette 's have tics -lrb- movements or sounds that the person can not easily control -rrb- .
people who have tourette 's have a normal life expectancy and normal intelligence .
tourette syndrome can also be called tourette 's syndrome , tourette 's disorder , gts , tourette 's , or ts .
the practice rapidly grew in popularity after the anheuser-busch company 's heavily marketed `` born-on dates '' starting in 1996 .
people of pakistan always supported tunisia in their struggle of freedom .
the division of peoples into west germanic , east germanic , and north germanic is a modern linguistic classification .
in the absence of large-scale political unification , such as that imposed forcibly by the romans upon the peoples of italy , the various tribes remained free , led by their own hereditary or chosen leaders .
these groups all developed separate dialects , the basis for the differences among germanic languages down to the present day .
the early germanic tribes spoke mutually intelligible dialects , and shared a common culture and mythology -lrb- see germanic mythology -rrb- , as is indicated by beowulf and the volsunga saga .
it is smoother than one , two , and three cylinder engines . this makes it popular for economy cars .
a rare exception is a case of renal tubular damage said to have been caused by out of date tetracycline .
the inline-four has become one of the most common engine configurations in street bikes the inline-four is common because of its relatively high performance-to-cost ratio .
antique vehicles tended to have larger displacements to develop horsepower and torque .
this inline-four gasoline configuration is the most common in cars with a displacement -lrb- engine size -rrb- up to 2.4 l. porsche used a 3.0 l four in its 944 s2 and 968 sports cars .
they often exceed 3.0 l. toyota made a 4.1 l diesel engine that was used in the toyota mega cruiser .
these vibrations become worse as engine size and power increase . the more powerful engines used in larger cars use different a engine layout to avoid this problem .
displacement can also be very small . some cars sold in japan have engines that are only 660 cc .
when listed as an abbreviation , an inline-four engine is listed either as i4 or l4 -lrb- for longitudinal -rrb- . l4 is often used to avoid confusion between the digit 1 and the letter i.
it was the first to use dual overhead camshafts -lrb- dohc -rrb- and four valves per cylinder . this became the standard design for racing inline-four engines .
with john edward and fred offenhauser , miller created a new engine .
the economy of mbabane , and swaziland itself , is based on tourism and sugar exports .
it is also the commercial center for the surrounding region . tin and iron are mined nearby .
karlsruhe is a city in the south-west of germany , in the state of baden-w ã 1\/4 rttemberg . karlsruhe has about 285,000 inhabitants and a technical university .
in 1772 jean-andr ã deluc studied the several substances used in thermometers at the time . at the time , new theories of heat were being developed .
nearly all chemical reactions will occur -lrb- at various rates depending on the individual nature of the reaction -rrb- at common temperatures .
from the late 18th century , almost all thermometers used mercury , for this reason .
he is known as the father of genetic algorithms .
hurtova lhota is a village in the havlã ä kå v brod district , vysoä ina region of the czech republic .
a private company with headquarters just north of toronto in woodbridge , ontario , it is now run by the founder 's grandson , hoard ganz .
founded in toronto 1950 by holocaust survivors samuel ganz and his sons jack ganz and sam ganz , it was called ganz bros. .
the first documentation of crimmitschau is from 1212 .
wonderland is the second album by the british pop band mcfly . it followed their debut album room on the 3rd floor .
iron ridge is a village of dodge county in the state of wisconsin in the united states .
the awards have been televised for the past several years on tnt , but now also airs on tbs .
it is 16 inches tall , weighs over 12 pounds , cast in solid bronze , and produced by the american fine arts foundry in burbank , california .
the statuette given , a nude male figure holding both a mask of comedy and a mask of tragedy , is called `` the actor '' .
a screen actors guild award is an award given by the screen actors guild -lrb- sag -rrb- to recognize outstanding performances by its members .
it can be affected by light , air , or the action of bacteria .
nihat kahveci -lrb- born 23 november 1979 -rrb- is a turkish football player . he plays for beå iktaå and turkey national team .
this is the default state - no further parameters are needed .
think of it as 12 rows , one for each month , with 3 columns for minimum temperature , maximum temperature and precipitation .
; source supply the source of your data
one species , the northern fur seal -lrb- callorhinus ursinus -rrb- inhabits the north pacific , while seven species in the arctocephalus genus are found primarily in the southern hemisphere .
designers of asic use a hardware description language -lrb- hdl -rrb- such as verilog or vhdl to describe the functionality of asic .
design of asic is gate array design , cell base design , embedded array design , standard cell design , and structured asic design .
he has played for ecuador national team .
agustã n delgado -lrb- born 23 december 1974 -rrb- is an ecuadorian football player .
the other plaque was on pioneer 11 .
sirach , by ben sira , which is also known as wisdom of jesus son of sirach , the wisdom of ben sira , or ecclesiasticus , is a work from the early second century bc , its original version being written in hebrew .
if drugs are used within the expiration date , the manufacturer guarantees that they work as expected .
brand without a tag team title . as a result , smackdown general manager stephanie mcmahon , introduced the new `` wwe tag team championship '' and made it the tag team title for the smackdown !
the tag team championship became apart of the raw brand only , leaving the smackdown !
in late 2008 through early 2009 , wwe tag team champions the colã ns -lrb- carlito and primo -rrb- engaged in rivalry with the world tag team champions john morrison and the miz , which resulted in the announcement on the march 17 edition of ecw that at wrestlemania xxv both teams would fight for their titles against each other and the winning team would hold both titles .
originally a part of the smackdown brand after the company 's first brand extension in the spring of 2002 , the tag team championship was moved to the raw brand that following summer .
the champions could appear on and defend the titles on any wwe brand .
after the brand extension in world wrestling entertainment , the wwe undisputed championship and wwe women 's championship became the only titles allowed to be fought for on both the raw and smackdown !
the wwe tag team championship is the professional wrestling world tag team championship of wwe , and it 's shared by both brands .
shelf life is different from expiration date . shelf life is linked to food quality , expiration date to food safety .
on october 20 , 2002 , the team of kurt angle and chris benoit beat rey mysterio and edge at no mercy 2002 in the tournament final to become the first ever wwe tag team champions .
for the original wwe tag team championship that was active from 1971 through 2010 , see world tag team championship -lrb- wwe -rrb- .
as a result , smackdown general manager stephanie mcmahon , introduced the new `` wwe tag team championship '' and made it the tag team title for the smackdown !
though eventually , on august 16 , 2010 , the world tag team championship was retired in favor of continuing the history of the wwe tag team championship following the introduction of new championship belts to then-champions david hart smith and tyson kidd of the hart dynasty .
brand without a tag team title .
this particular one is most applicable to reactions with activation energy values around 50 kj\/mole ; many of these are important at the usual temperatures we encounter .
this measure is different from gross national product -lrb- gnp -rrb- in that gnp = gdp + net income from assets abroad -lrb- net income receipts -rrb- .
while nominal gdp is the total amount of money spent on gdp , real gdp -lrb- like real in most economic meaning -rrb- tries to correct this number for inflation .
in economics , the gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- is how much a place produces in some amount of time . for nations , the gdp can be found by adding up its output inside the borders of that country .
the plaintext is the normal representation of the data before any action has been taken to hide it .
these are mickey mouse universe characters .
shinsuke shiotani -lrb- born 11 may 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
pump jets have some advantages over bare propellers for certain applications , usually related to requirements for high-speed .
a pump-jet or water jet is a marine system that creates a jet of water for propulsion .
ante å imundå 3\/4 a -lrb- born 28 september 1971 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player .
ante å imundå 3\/4 a -lrb- born 28 september 1971 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player . he has played for slovenia national team .
acoustics is the study of sound .
-lrb- -lrb- image : reese witherspoon 2009 . jpg thumb -lrb- 405x600 -rrb- px right reese witherspoon -rrb- -rrb- reese witherspoon is an american actress .
vaux-sur-s ã '' re is a municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
in the particular case of bacteria and fungi , the reactions needed to feed and reproduce increase at higher temperatures , up to the point that the proteins and other compounds in their cells themselves begin to breakdown , or denature , so quickly that they can not be replaced .
please refrain from making unconstructive edits to wikipedia , as you did with -lrb- this edit -rrb- to the page : .
for many people , these definitions were too dogmatic ; the oriental orthodox churches split from the main church -lrb- that would later become the roman catholic and the eastern orthodox church -rrb- .
josã ilson dos santos -lrb- born 28 november 1975 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
after resuming to record the abbey road album , the beatles began recording maxwell 's silver hammer at abbey road studios on july 9 , 1969 .
it is common practice in large stores to throw away such food , as it makes the stock control process easier .
a ball and socket joint -lrb- enarthrosis , spheroidal joint -rrb- is a joint in which the ball-shaped surface of a bone fits into the cup-like indentation of another bone .
naoki urata -lrb- born 27 june 1974 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
in 2001 , 11,572 people were living in buckingham .
wiiware was first available in japan on march 25 , 2008 , then in north america on may 12 , 2008 , and in europe and australia on may 19 , 2008 .
granny smith 's are crisp , juicy , tart apples which are excellent for eating raw and cooking with .
a granny smith apple is a sour tasting green apple .
trans-neptunian object or tno is a name astronomers give to anything that orbits or goes around the sun beyond the planet neptune but it is not big enough to be a planet or a moon .
arche is about 3 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 23,717,000 km in 746.185 days , at an inclination of 165 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 162 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.149 .
it was named in 2005 after arche , whom some greek writers described as one of the four original muses , an addition to the earlier three -lrb- aoede , melete , and mneme -rrb- .
the song also featured a remix that insane clown posse titled `` hokus pokus -lrb- headhunta ' z remix -rrb- '' and there are also two other versions of the song a red cover and a green cover which are both featured on the rarities album , forgotten freshness volumes 1 & 2 .
`` hokus pokus ' '' is a 1997 midwest hip hop song by the american horrorcore band insane clown posse and is the third single from their fourth studio album the great milenko , which was released in 1997 .
it is considered to be one of their signature songs .
the single was the third of four singles from the group 's 1999 album the writing 's on the wall , and the most successful of the four .
the two most notable alternate versions are a remix by timbaland , which features different vocals and a guest appearance from static of playa ; and the `` nitro remix '' -lrb- featuring nitro and chief , with production by mista maze -rrb- , which uses the original vocals over a bass music-styled backing track .
bernd hã lzenbein -lrb- born 9 march , 1946 -rrb- is a former german football player .
darren potter -lrb- born 21 december 1984 -rrb- is a irish football player . he plays for sheffield wednesday .
giuseppe baresi -lrb- born 7 february , 1958 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
zlatko zahoviä -lrb- born 1 february 1971 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player .
lithium chloride is somewhat toxic . it was going to be used as a salt substitute but people found that it is toxic .
this makes the hydrate -lrb- water attached to the molecule -rrb- . the hydrous form can be dried to the anhydrous form by heating it with hydrogen chloride gas .
another way is mixing lithium oxide , lithium hydroxide , or lithium carbonate with hydrochloric acid .
if there is an emergency and a main performer is unable to perform , the understudy will take their place . very often the understudy is a member of the chorus who might have had a small part in the performance anyway .
norberto anã bal napolitano -lrb- la paternal , buenos aires , march 10 , 1950 â `` lujã n , february 24 , 2005 -rrb- guitarist , singer and argentine rock , blues and metal producer .
alexis carrel -lrb- june 28 , 1873 - november 5 , 1944 -rrb- was a french surgeon .
a computer desk will have a computer on top .
unlike a table , there is only one side of the desk where somebody could sit .
there is also a portable desk which is very small . desks can be used at home .
therefore , to make explosives stable for longer periods , or to keep rubber bands springy , or to force bacteria to slow down their growth , they can be cooled .
desks can be used at home .
there is also a portable desk which is very small .
martti oiva kalevi ahtisaari -lrb- pronounced -rrb- -lrb- born 23 june 1937 -rrb- is a finnish politician , former president of finland -lrb- 1994 â `` 2000 -rrb- , nobel peace prize laureate and united nations diplomat and mediator , noted for his international peace work .
ahtisaari was a un special envoy at the kosovo status process negotiations .
the southern cassowary is the largest forest bird in the world , and the second heaviest bird in the world after the ostrich . it is third tallest after the ostrich and emu .
there have been reported attacks on people and animals by cassowaries .
and if formula is stored too long , it loses its nutritional quality . it also separates or form lumps that will clog the bottle nipple .
in such a situation , a key objective becomes the identification of the first exemplar before any split in the tradition .
the business of textual criticism is to produce a text as close as possible to the original '' .
`` if we succeed in establishing the text of -lrb- the archetype -rrb- , the reconstruction of the original is considerably advanced '' .
tusem essen is the most important club in essen .
in 1811 friedrich krupp founded a small steel factory in essen which was fast growing .
the pentaport rock festival is a rock festival in south korea . it is held each year in incheon for three days in the last week of july .
satoshi kajino -lrb- born 9 november 1965 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
mauro galvã # o -lrb- born 19 december , 1961 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
in 1789 , at the start of the french revolution , he was sent as a deputy to the estates-general that soon became the national constituent assembly , he became well lknown for some of his speeches , particularly one supporting capital punishment .
his famous work , physiologie du goã '' t -lrb- the physiology of taste -rrb- , was published in december 1825 , two months before his death .
the book has not been out of print since it first appeared , shortly before brillat-savarin 's death .
at my age a man no longer dares interrogate his heart . ''
eneas sweetland dallas wrote kettner 's book of the table , a manual of cookery , 1877 , a treatise on gastronomy based on the work of brillat-savarin .
he returned to france under the directory in 1797 and acquired the magistrate post he would then hold for the rest of his life , as a judge of the court of cassation .
those persons who suffer from indigestion , or who become drunk , are utterly ignorant of the true principles of eating and drinking .
he studied law , chemistry and medicine in dijon and practiced law in his hometown .
sure enough , carnivorous animals never grow fat -lrb- consider wolves , jackals , birds of prey , crows , etc. -rrb- .
the food & drug administration , which controls packaged foods and drugs , only requires a use-by , or expiration , date on infant formula and some baby foods .
for the cheese from normandy , see brillat-savarin cheese jean anthelme brillat-savarin -lrb- 1 april 1755 , belley , ain â `` 2 february 1826 , paris -rrb- was a french lawyer and politician , and gained fame as an epicure and gastronome : `` grimod and brillat-savarin .
her translation was first published in 1949 .
his reputation was spread to a wide television audience by chairman kaga of the tv series `` iron chef '' which introduced to millions the quote `` tell me what you eat , and i will tell you what you are . ''
as we have said already , all animals that live on farinaceous food grow fat willy-nilly ; and man is no exception to the universal law .
... the second of the chief causes of obesity is the floury and starchy substances which man makes the prime ingredients of his daily nourishment .
brillat-savarin is often considered as the father of low-carbohydrate diet .
he considered sugar and white flour to be the cause of obesity and he suggested instead protein-rich ingredients .
he was born jean anthelme brillat , but adopted his second surname because an aunt named savarin left him her entire fortune on the condition that he adopt her name .
its most notable english translation was done by food writer and critic m. f. k. fisher , who remarked `` i hold myself blessed among translators . ''
brillat-savarin was born in the town of belley , ain , where the river rhone separated france from savoy .
at a later stage of the revolution there was a bounty on his head , and he sought political asylum at first in switzerland .
he remained a bachelor , but he counted love as the sixth sense : his inscription of the physiognomie . to his beautiful cousin juliette rã camier reads `` madam , receive kindly and read indulgently the work of an old man .
herbivorous animals do not grow fat easily , at least until age has reduced them to a state of inactivity ; but they fatten very quickly as soon as they begin to be fed on potatoes , grain , or any kind of flour .
the length of time it took to record the song created tension between the beatles .
it is a tribute of a friendship which dates from your childhood , and , perhaps , the homage of a more tender feeling ... how can i tell ?
this allowed them to be counted as locomotives while carrying railway vehicles in the same way as a normal locomotive would haul a train .
the british rail class 99 was a fleet of 14 ferries , mostly owned by sealink , which carried rail vehicles between britain and mainland europe .
in some ways it was more robust and had a shorter , broader skull than the modern thylacine . the head and body together were around 5 ft long .
those who left their parishes in order to find work were called vagabonds and could be punished by whipping .
the very large houses were often , designed in symmetrical shapes such as ` e ' and ` h ' .
following the black death and the agricultural depression of the late 14th century , population grew bigger again .
the idea of the workhouse was first suggested in 1576 .
various inflationary pressures , perhaps due to influx of new world gold and rising population , meant that the gap between the rich and poor widened .
revenue courts partly because of the new revenue raised from the dissolution of monasteries , cromwell created revenue courts to allot the royal income properly to various departments .
outbreaks of the black death pandemic occurred in 1498 , 1535 , 1543 , 1563 , 1589 and 1603 .
the reason for the speedy spread of the disease was the increase of rats infected by fleas carrying the disease -rrb-
it began as a result of henry viii 's quarrel with pope clement vii regarding his refusal to grant a divorce .
the term is often used more broadly to include elizabeth i 's reign -lrb- 1558 - 1603 -rrb- , although this is often treated separately as the elizabethan era .
about a third of the population lived in poverty with the wealthy expected to give alms to assist the impotent poor .
this was a period of significant change for the majority of the rural population , because enclosure started .
tudor law was harsh on those unable to find work .
in 1487 henry vii 's enemies from the house of york had crowned a pretender and landed a small army off the coast of cumbria with the intention of stealing the crown .
this was the period when the tudor dynasty ruled in england . its first monarch was henry vii -lrb- 1457 - 1509 -rrb- .
some degradation factors can be controlled by provisions in the ed packaging .
beginning in 1549 , this was to be the largest popular uprising during the tudor period .
there were no sewers or drains and rubbish was simply abandoned in the street .
these were the six courts or departments of state , each fully organised with its own specialised officials , equipped with seals and habitat , and responsible for a particular kind of revenue .
in larger towns and cities , such as london , common diseases arising from lack of sanitation included smallpox , measles , malaria , typhus , diphtheria , scarlet fever , and chickenpox .
this is the reason shelf life is generally extended by temperature control : -lrb- refrigeration , insulated shipping containers , controlled cold chain , etc -rrb- and the reason some medicines and foods must be refrigerated .
the tudor period usually refers to the period between 1485 and 1603 , specifically in relation to the history of england .
this was perhaps the most significant series of events which took place during the tudor period .
the house of tudor produced five english monarchs who ruled during this period .
during the evening of september 25 a united states air force hurricane hunter aircraft found that the area of low pressure had turned into a tropical depression .
on september 23 the area of low pressure moved over the yucatan peninsula and was creating thunderstorms from the southern gulf of mexico to the northwestern caribbean sea .
it made landfall in central mexico early on september 28 as a category 1 hurricane .
shacks were badly damaged by the strong winds , a lot of tree damage was reported and many areas lost electricity service .
hurricane lorenzo was the twelfth named storm and fourth hurricane of the 2007 atlantic hurricane season .
on september 26 , convection increased and the depression was getting closer to strengthening into a tropical storm .
lorenzo made landfall in central mexico south-southwest of tuxpan as a category 1 hurricane with 80 mph winds on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale .
the depression began to quickly strengthen on september 27 , and the depression became tropical storm lorenzo around midday .
the area was already cleaning up after hurricane dean , which hit the area in late august .
when lorenzo began to rapidly strengthen , the warning was raised to a hurricane warning .
the depression tracked slowly to the south and southwest into the bay of campeche .
it formed in the bay of campeche off the east coast of mexico where it quickly strengthened into a hurricane .
flooding was also reported as rivers quickly rose from the heavy rain and wet ground .
moderate damage was reported in east-central mexico as lorenzo hit the area .
the same is true , to a point , of the chemical reactions of life .
convection increased and a wide area of low pressure formed on september 22 as the convection moved northwestward towards the yucatan peninsula .
mexico 's civilian protection officials declared a `` red alert '' for much of the state of veracruz .
over the next few days the large area of low pressure was moving unevenly over the southwestern gulf of mexico , but convection was restricted from strong upper-level winds .
on september 21 , an area of convection formed in the western caribbean sea associated with a trough of low pressure .
by september 25 upper-level winds started decrease as conditions became more favorable for tropical cyclone formation and by that morning visible satellite imagery showed that a tropical depression could be forming about 180 mi -lrb- 290 km -rrb- east of tampico , tamaulipas .
as middle children in the family we blossomed here kalaallit , we want to call ourselves before your proud and honorable head .
nitroglycerine is notorious .
a dignified life is our goal ; courageously take a stand .
with a burning desire to develop what you have to give , renewing , removing your obstacles of our desire to move forward , forward .
our country , which has become so old your head is all covered with white hair .
it is neutral on the issue of whether northern ireland should stay in or leave the united kingdom . the party has 1 out of 18 northern ireland seats in the house of commons and 7 out of 108 seats in the northern ireland assembely .
starting in late 2011 , the uss nimitz will be stationed at naval station everett in everett , washington .
it is set to replace the uss abraham lincoln .
it is made by reacting hot sodium hydroxide with sodium permanganate . this releases oxygen and makes sodium manganate .
it can not be made by reacting manganese dioxide with sodium hydroxide , like potassium manganate is made .
the agriculture dept. , which controls fresh produce and meats , only requires labeling of the date when poultry is packed at the farm .
sodium manganate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is na2mno4 .
the simplest major scale to write or play on the piano is c major , the only major scale not to require sharps or flats , using only the white keys on the piano keyboard :
in solfege these notes correspond to the syllables `` do , re , mi , fa , sol , la , ti\/si ï 1\/4 do -rrb- '' .
rubber products also degrade as sulphur bonds induced during vulcanization revert ; this is why old rubber bands and other rubber products soften and get sticky as they age .
the numbers inside the circle show the number of sharps or flats in the key signature , with the sharp keys going clockwise , and the flat keys counterclockwise from c major -lrb- which has no sharps or flats . -rrb-
koror is the capital city of palau . palau is divided into sixteen states , and koror is one of the states in palau .
wolfgang weber -lrb- born 26 june , 1944 -rrb- is a former german football player . he has played for west germany national team .
john montagu , 4th earl of sandwich was born on november 3 , 1718 and died on april 30 , 1792 in great britain .
john montagu , 4th earl of sandwich was born on november 3 , 1718 and died on april 30 , 1792 in great britain . he is known as the person the sandwich is named after .
the luther bible is a german bible translation by martin luther , first printed with both testaments in 1534 .
plural is a form of the noun that shows that there are more than one .
william `` smush '' parker -lrb- born 1 june 1981 in new york , new york -rrb- is a professional player in the american national basketball association .
`` the house of representatives shall chuse -lrb- sic -rrb- their speaker ... ''
warehouse has been around for 30 years and has 263 stores , suggesting a large fan base .
sometimes , sic is said to be an abbreviation for `` said in context '' , `` spelled in context '' , `` said in copy '' , and other phrases .
the chain sums up its appeal thus : `` styley -lrb- sic -rrb- , confident , sexy , glamorous , edgy , clean and individual , with it 's -lrb- sic -rrb- finger on the fashion pulse . ''
leulinghem is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the head of the brush is made of the hair of animals , like the wolf , rabbit , deer , chicken , duck , goat , pig and tiger , etc.
foods that have a best before date are usually safe to eat after the date has passed , although they are likely to have deteriorated either in flavor , texture , appearance or nutrition .
the ink is made from soot and binders . it comes in sticks , and must be rubbed with water on an ink stone .
pre-mixed bottle inks are now available .
the ink stone is used to rub the solid ink stick into liquid ink .
in calligraphy , paper , ink , brush , ink stone , paperweight , and a desk pad are used .
the body of the brush can be made of bamboo , or rare materials like red sandalwood , glass , ivory , silver and gold .
the desk pad is a pad made out of felt .
just as temperature increase speeds up reactions , temperature decreases reduce them .
archerfish can hit insects up to two meters -lrb- six feet -rrb- away . adult archerfish almost always hit the insect the first time , but young archerfish must do it many times in order to learn how .
the archerfish looks for an insect hanging over the water . the archerfish shoots drops of water out of its mouth at the insect .
-lcb- -lcb- # switch : y = d = converts a year\/decade\/century \/ millennium number -lrb- prefix a minus for bc -rrb- into a representative year -lrb- the second year , for decades\/centuries\/millennia -rrb- of that period , for use in .
carol jean vorderman -lrb- born 24 december 1960 -rrb- is an british television presenter .
spiro mounds is an archaeological site run by the oklahoma historical society and open to the public .
rotation , usually called spin , plays a role in many sports .
a ferris wheel and observation wheel have a horizontal central axis , and parallel axes for each gondola , where the rotation is opposite , by gravity or mechanically .
a two-dimensional object rotates around a center -lrb- or point -rrb- of rotation .
topspin and backspin in tennis .
the term rotation is also used in aviation to refer to the upward pitch of an aircraft , particularly when starting the major climb for takeoff .
however , as with all rules of thumb , there are many caveats and assumptions .
table tennis paddles are specialized to allow players to spin the ball as they hit it .
curve balls in baseball and spin bowling in cricket .
a circular motion about an external point -lrb- for example the earth around the sun -rrb- is called an orbit or more properly orbital revolution .
in flight dynamics , the principal rotations are known as pitch , roll and yaw .
if the axis of rotation is within the body , the body is said to rotate upon itself , or spin -- which implies relative speed and perhaps free-movement with angular momentum .
a three-dimensional object rotates around a line called an axis .
he is often credited as the `` godfather of anime '' , and is often considered the japanese equivalent to walt disney , who served as a major inspiration during his formative years .
osamu tezuka -lrb- æ å æ '' è `` , tezuka osamu ? , november 3 , 1928 â `` february 9 , 1989 -rrb- was a famous japanese cartoonist , manga artist , animator , producer and doctor of medicine , although he never practiced medicine .
a study done by the u.s. food and drug administration covered over 100 drugs , prescription and over-the-counter .
the difference between firs and other members of the pine family is that their needle-like leaves are attached to the twig by a base that resembles a small suction cup , and by erect , cylindrical cones 5-25 cm long that release the winged seeds .
patriarch pavle -lrb- paul -rrb- -lrb- ; 11 september 1914 - 15 november 2009 -rrb- was the 44th patriarch of the serbian orthodox church . he was the spiritual leader of eastern orthodox serbs from 1990 to his death .
he was the oldest living leader of an eastern orthodox church .
the elgin marbles , sometimes called the acropolis marbles , are a series of ancient greek sculptures made from marble . they were originally part of the parthenon temple in athens but they were taken away by thomas bruce , 7th earl of elgin in the early 1800s .
these breakdown processes usually happen more quickly at higher temperatures .
these deposits got sediment from the erosion of the caledonian mountain chain . this was built by the collision of the former continents to make the old red sandstone continent .
later , on the berwickshire coast , he found siccar point . there was `` a beautiful picture of this junction washed bare by the sea '' , where 345 million year old devonian old red sandstone overlies 425 million year old silurian greywacke .
the dark red color of these rocks comes from iron oxide . however , not all the old red sandstone is red or sandstone â '' the sequence also includes conglomerates , mudstones , siltstones and thin limestones and colors can range from gray and green through red to purple .
the fowler ridge wind farm is a wind farm in benton county , indiana , near the city of fowler , in about 90 m northwest of indianapolis .
vital records are records of life events . they include birth certificates , marriage licenses , and death certificates .
the wild turkey -lrb- meleagris gallopavo -rrb- is the name of the more common of the two species of turkey -lrb- a large bird -rrb- .
to that end , he gives man hope .
hesiod 's myth of pandora 's jar , then , could be an summary of many different early myths .
the story is written in such a way that pandora 's feminine and deceitful nature is a small problem for mankind , because she brings a pithos .
in this case , a term like best before see bottom or best before see lid might be printed on the label and the date marked in a different location as indicated .
west also writes that it may have been that epimetheus and pandora and their roles were transposed in the pre-hesiodic myths . this is called a `` mythic inversion '' .
prometheus has stolen the gift of fire , and has given it to the humans . zeus is angry about this and decides to punish men , as a compensation for the gift .
pyxis , on the other hand , is a box .
as before , she is created by hephaestus , but now more gods help completing her -lrb- lines 63-82 -rrb- : athena taught her needlework and weaving -lrb- 63 â `` 4 -rrb- ; aphrodite `` shed grace upon her head and cruel longing and cares that weary the limbs '' -lrb- 65 â `` 6 -rrb- ; hermes gave her `` a shameful mind and deceitful nature '' -lrb- 67 â `` 8 -rrb- ; hermes also gave her the power of speech , putting in her `` lies and crafty words '' -lrb- 77 â `` 80 -rrb- ; athena then clothed her -lrb- 72 -rrb- ; next she , persuasion and the charites adorned her with necklaces and other finery -lrb- 72 â `` 4 -rrb- ; the horae adorned her with a garland crown -lrb- 75 -rrb- .
in fifth-century athens pandora made a prominent appearance in what , at first , appears an unexpected context , in a marble relief or bronze appliquã s as a frieze along the base of the athena parthenos the culminating experience on the acropolis ; there jeffrey m. hurwit has interpreted her presence as an `` anti-athena '' reinforcing civic ideologies of patriarchy and the `` highly gendered social and political realities of fifth-century athens . ''
a number of scholars prefer the neutral translation of `` expectation . ''
if one takes elpis to mean expectant hope , then the myth 's tone is pessimistic : all the evils in the world were scattered from pandora 's jar , while the one potentially mitigating force , hope , remains locked securely inside .
jeffrey hurwit has argued that pandora represents an `` anti-athena '' , similarly a child of no mother , an embodiment of the need for the patriarchal rule that the virginal athena , rising above her sex , defended .
he for whom zeus the lord of thunder mixes the gifts he sends , will meet now with good and now with evil fortune ; but he to whom zeus sends none but evil gifts will be pointed at by the finger of scorn , the hand of famine will pursue him to the ends of the world , and he will go up and down the face of the earth , respected neither by gods nor men .
`` maxwell 's silver hammer '' is a song by the beatles , from the abbey road album , with paul mccartney singing lead .
preservatives and antioxidants may be put into some food and drug products to make their shelf life longer .
according to m. l. west , the story of pandora and the jar is older than hesiod 's versions . this also explains the confusion and problems of hesiod 's version and that it is inconclusive .
west cites hesiod 's catalogue of women , which preserved the older version . in one version of the story , the jar may have contained only good things for mankind .
the optimistic reading of the myth is expressed by m. l. west .
a.h. smith , however , notes that in hesiod 's account athena and the seasons brought wreaths of grass and spring flowers to pandora , indicating that hesiod was conscious of pandora 's original `` all-giving '' function .
in truth , it is the most evil of evils because it prolongs man 's torment . ''
this objection leads some to render elpis as the expectation of evil , which would make the myth 's tone somewhat optimistic : although humankind is troubled by all the evils in the world , at least we are spared the continual expectation of evil , which would make life unbearable .
joel davis , a former fda expiration-date compliance chief , said that with a handful of exceptions - notably nitroglycerin , insulin and some liquid antibiotics - most expired drugs are probably effective .
he reaches deadly old age without anyone to tend his years , and though he at least has no lack of livelihood while he lives , yet , when he is dead , his kinsfolk divide his possessions amongst them .
life is not hopeless , but each of us is hopelessly human .
the problem of that version is that hesiod 's catalogue of women , fragment # 2 , had made a `` pandora '' one of the daughters of deucalion , and the mother of graecus by zeus .
after hephaestus does so , athena dressed her in a silvery gown , an embroidered veil , garlands and a crown of gold .
at the end , hesiod says that occasionally a man finds a good wife , but still -lrb- 609 -rrb- `` evil contends with good . ''
statistical analysis demonstrates that the latter sense appears five times more than the former in all of ancient greek literature .
this interpretation raises yet another question , complicating the debate : are we to take hope in an absolute sense , or in a narrow sense where we understand hope to mean hope only as it pertains to the evils released from the jar ?
the more famous version of the myth comes from another of hesiod 's works , called works and days .
only hope was left within her unbreakable house , she remained under the lip of the jar , and did not fly away .
a less pessimistic interpretation -lrb- still pessimistic , to be sure -rrb- understands the myth to say : countless evils fled pandora 's jar and plague human existence ; the hope that we might be able to master these evils remains imprisoned inside the jar .
examples for this are apollodorus and hyginus : each of them added a part to the story , that might have already been in hesiod 's version , even though it was not written down : epimetheus married pandora .
archaic and classic greek literature do not mention pandora any more . sophocles wrote a satyr play pandora , or the hammerers , but very little is known of this play .
h.j. rose wrote that the myth of pandora is decidedly more illiberal than that of epic in that it makes pandora the origin of all of man 's woes with her being the exemplification of the bad wife .
in his works and days he gives the oldest known literary version of the story . there is an older story that tells that urns and jars can contain blessings and evils which is told in homer 's illiad : the immortals know no care , yet the lot they spin for man is full of sorrow ; on the floor of zeus ' palace there stand two urns , the one filled with evil gifts , and the other with good ones .
examples are the breakdown of many chemical explosives into more unstable compounds .
west explains , `` it would be absurd to represent either the presence of ills by their confinement in a jar or the presence of hope by its escape from one . ''
this woman is unnamed in the theogony , but is probably pandora . hesiod rewrote her myth in works and days .
-lrb- harrison 1922:284 -rrb- robert graves , quoting harrison , asserts of the hesiodic episode that `` pandora is not a genuine myth , but an anti-feminist fable , probably of his own invention . ''
an incorrect etymology of pandora 's name , `` all-gifted '' , was provided in works and days .
he remarks that there is a curious correlation between pandora being made out of earth in hesiod 's story , to what is in apollodorus that prometheus created man from water and earth .
the pandora myth first appears in lines 560 â `` 612 of hesiod 's poem the theogony .
jane ellen harrison sees in hesiod 's story `` evidence of a shift from matriarchy to patriarchy in greek culture .
as the life-bringing goddess pandora is eclipsed , the death-bringing human pandora arises . ''
t. a. sinclair , commenting on works and days argues that hesiod shows no awareness of the mythology of such a divine `` giver '' .
in human , all too human , philosopher friedrich nietzsche argued that `` zeus did not want man to throw his life away , no matter how much the other evils might torment him , but rather to go on letting himself be tormented anew .
this is the most pessimistic reading possible for the myth .
if hope is imprisoned in the jar , does this mean that human existence is utterly hopeless ?
the box contains `` burdensome toil and sickness that brings death to men '' -lrb- 91 â `` 2 -rrb- , diseases -lrb- 102 -rrb- and `` a myriad other pains '' -lrb- 100 -rrb- .
the hesiodic myth did not , however , completely obliterate the memory of the all-giving goddess pandora .
saint-jean-cap-ferrat is a commune .
the median household income was $ 30,364 , and the median family income was $ 39,275 .
there were 6,902 households of which 28.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 47.0 % were married couples living together , 12.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 37.1 % were non-families .
the recent recession has slowed the city 's rapid growth .
the per capita income for the city was $ 19,073 .
the results showed that about 90 % of them were safe and effective as far as 15 years past their expiration date .
33.1 % of all households were made up of individuals and 16.4 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
the film is renown for its strong demonstration of the tarantino style ; rich , witty dialogue , an ironic mix of humor and violence , a storyline unbound from chronology and many pop culture references .
pulp fiction is a 1994 film directed by quentin tarantino .
tarantino and screenplay co-writer roger avary were awarded with best original screenplay , and the movie also won palm d'or at the cannes film festival .
there are dessert spoons , soup spoons , baby spoons , teaspoons , tablespoons and others .
i wanted something symbolic of that , so to me it was some fictitious character called maxwell with a silver hammer .
the albert 's lyrebird -lrb- menura alberti -rrb- is a pheasant-sized songbird , about 90cm long , with brown upper body feathers and rich chestnut below .
ronald michael francis , jr. -lrb- born march 1 , 1963 in sault ste . marie , ontario -rrb- is a retired professional canadian ice hockey center that played 25 seasons in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- with the hartford whalers , pittsburgh penguins , carolina hurricanes and toronto maple leafs organizations .
jeffery john `` jeff '' hanneman -lrb- born january 31 , 1964 -rrb- is an american musician he is most famous for being one of the founding members of the thrash metal band slayer .
a guitar company called esp guitars makes a guitar which looks exactly like hanneman 's main onstage guitar and is called the `` esp jeff hanneman signature model . ''
hanneman says that the fast aggressive sound of punk music helped influence slayer 's .
hanneman writes both words and music for slayer . some of his songs include : `` raining blood '' , `` war ensemble '' , `` seasons in the abyss '' and `` angel of death . ''
in 2004 , barcelona there was the first universal forum of cultures : barcelona 2004 , which lasted 141 days and established the event as the major global gathering for arts , culture and dialogues .
he is shown lying on his back in a wooded area , and is struck many times in the face with a hammer that is held inside a yellow plastic bag .
sustainability is an issue of major importance in the world of today . it needs to find new options for economic , social , and cultural development and a better use of natural resources for the benefit of the planet and its inhabitants .
the universal forum of cultures monterrey 2007 has 4 core concepts .
the challenge is learning how to make the best use of it so we can achieve an effective improvement in our quality of life .
these 4 topics sum up the vast majority of issues and problems faced by global civil society and will remain , according to experts , the most urgent and relevant working areas for the global community .
the attack lasts over four minutes , during which the victim slips in and out of consciousness .
his parents marriage was in contravention of the royal marriages act 1772 , which meant that augustus d'este was legally considered illegitimate .
suprunyuck pokes out yatzenko 's eyes , and stabs him in the abdomen with a screwdriver .
the brandon wheat kings are a canadian junior ice hockey team based in brandon , manitoba .
starting in 1973 , the wheat kings owned and operated a farm team in the mjhl , called the travellers .
prior to that they played in the manitoba junior hockey league and were known as the brandon elks for a short time in the 1940s .
they compete in the western hockey league , and joined the league in the 1967 â `` 68 season .
the team plays its home games in westman communications group place -lrb- keystone centre -rrb- .
an earlier incarnation of the wheat kings played for the stanley cup in 1904 , but lost to the ottawa senators .
the 1949 brandon wheat kings were inducted into the manitoba hockey hall of fame in the team category .
they also played at wheat city arena until 1969 , and the manex arena from 1969 to 1972 .
hanzha received nine years in prison .
the western hockey league announced on october 16 , 2008 , that the wheat kings were chosen to host the 2010 memorial cup championship at the keystone centre .
the wheat kings hold the chl record for most points -lrb- 125 -rrb- in a single season , setting the mark in 1978 â `` 79 .
he was created by friz freleng and is currently voiced by joe alaskey .
sylvester junoir is useually seen with sylvester in the cartoons when sylvester is trying to catch a baby kangaroo named hippety hopper who he often mistakes for a mouse to prove a point to his son .
he has a son named sylvester junior who first appeared in pop ` im pop on 1949 .
sylvester 's name is a play on the word , felis silvestris which is a scientific name for the wild cat species although sylvester is a domestic cat .
she then was on the oprah winfrey show in 2004 and helped american people with their clothes and appearance . she then presented trinny & susannah undress on itv in 2006 and trinny & susannah undress the nation in 2007 .
sayenko and suprunyuck were charged with murder after they were arrested .
hillel slovak , flea , and jack irons were members of both bands , but slovak and irons left after red hot chili peppers ' first album .
the awd-arena is a football stadium in hanover , a city in north germany . it is the home stadium of the football club hannover 96 .
at first , a talk given march 6 , 1927 at battersea town hall , at the south london branch of the national secular society . it was published that year as a pamphlet and was later published , with other essays , in the book , why i am not a christian : and other essays on religion and related subjects -lrb- isbn 0-671-20323-1 -rrb- .
known as a strong defenceman who could help score goals , bourdon represented canada in three international tournaments , winning two gold medals at the iihf world u20 championship and a silver medal at the iihf world u18 championship .
the canucks drafted bourdon with their first selection , the tenth overall selection , in the 2005 nhl entry draft .
luc bourdon -lrb- february 16 , 1987 â `` may 29 , 2008 -rrb- was a canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played for the vancouver canucks of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- and their american hockey league -lrb- ahl -rrb- partner , the manitoba moose , from 2006 until 2008 .
after having childhood arthritis , he was selected third overall in the 2003 quebec major junior hockey league -lrb- qmjhl -rrb- draft and played for the val-d ` or foreurs , moncton wildcats , and cape breton screaming eagles , playing four seasons in the qmjhl .
he is then struck with the hammer again in order to ensure that he is dead .
singin ' in the rain is a 1952 movie musical starring gene kelly . it was directed by kelly and stanley donen .
the penguin is an enemy of batman in dc comics . he is played by burgess meredith in batman : the movie and by danny devito in batman returns .
the nme described the resulting sound as `` an ear-splitting sonic stew '' .
he continued as an engineer until 1994 when he started producing some work for oasis at the end of the definitely maybe sessions .
they were all found guilty by a court in february 2009 , and suprunyuck and sayenko were sentenced to life imprisonment .
he did , however , write for caesar 's hour , which ran from 1954 to 1957 .
arthur schopenhauer -lrb- february 22 , 1788 â `` september 21 , 1860 -rrb- was a german philosopher .
schopenhauer was a huge influence on richard wagner , friedrich nietzsche , ludwig wittgenstein , thomas mann , sigmund freud , leo tolstoy , carl jung and many other important artists and thinkers of the 20th century .
being color blind can change this , and there have been reports of people with four or more types of cones , giving them tetrachromatic vision .
cone cells or simply cones special photoreceptor cells in the retina . they react to light and work best in relatively bright light .
their reaction to stimuli is faster that of the rod cells . for this reason , they can perceive finer details , and more rapid changes in images .
alexander elliot anderson `` alex '' salmond -lrb- surname pronounced sam-mon ; born december 31 , 1954 in linlithgow , scotland -rrb- is a scottish politician who is the first minister of scotland and leader of the scottish national party -lrb- snp -rrb- which is a political party that wants to take scotland out from the united kingdom .
the murderers are named viktor sayenko and igor suprunyuck .
because humans usually have three kinds of cones , with different photopsins , which have different response curves , and thus respond to variation in color in different ways , they have trichromatic vision .
it rises from springs in the peaks of the nasu mountains . it collects water from tributaries leaving the å u mountains and the abukuma highlands -lrb- é æ é é `` å -rrb- .
christian panucci -lrb- born 12 april 1973 -rrb- is an italian football player .
my dying bride is a british doom metal band from west yorkshire . the band formed in 1990 .
lido anthony `` lee '' iacocca -lrb- born october 15 , 1924 in allentown , pennsylvania , usa -rrb- created the ford mustang in 1964 . he is best known for his time as chairman of the chrysler corporation .
jpg thumb -lrb- 300x391 -rrb- px right loni anderson -rrb- -rrb- loni anderson is an american actress best known for playing jennifer marlowe in the sitcom wkrp in cincinnati .
in the spring of 1970 , camille was retired .
the 1969 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1969 and ended on november 30 , 1969 .
it is the first part in the indiana jones series .
the movie has three sequels , indiana jones and the temple of doom -lrb- 1984 -rrb- and indiana jones and the last crusade -lrb- 1989 -rrb- , and indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull -lrb- 2008 -rrb- .
raiders of the lost ark , also known as indiana jones and the raiders of the lost ark , is an adventure film that came out in 1981 from paramount pictures . the film was directed by steven spielberg , and produced by george lucas .
shorter wavelength radars allowed the finding of smaller objects .
the high power of pulses from the cavity magnetron made centimetre-band radar practical .
the small cavity magnetron tube made the size of radar sets much smaller so that they could be put into in aircraft and ships used to find submarines .
the ` resonant ' cavity magnetron type of the earlier magnetron tube was invented by john randall and harry boot in 1940 .
the cavity magnetron is a high-powered vacuum tube that makes microwaves using the interaction of a stream of electrons with a magnetic field .
at present , cavity magnetrons are commonly used in microwave ovens and in various radar applications .
fresnicourt-le-dolmen is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
jã nos bolyai -lrb- december 15 , 1802 â `` january 27 , 1860 -rrb- was a hungarian mathematician , known for his work in non-euclidean geometry .
the armenian revolutionary army -lrb- ara -rrb- was a paramilitary organization .
vitaly aleksandrovich petrov -lrb- born september 8 , 1984 in vyborg -rrb- is a russian formula one driver for the renault f1 team .
heuringhem is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
skew lines are straight lines that are neither parallel nor intersecting .
skew lines are straight lines that are neither parallel nor intersecting . such lines can not be in the same plane and hence exist only in at least three-dimensional geometry .
`` viva la vida '' is a song by the english band coldplay from their album , viva la vida or death and all his friends .
`` viva la vida '' is a song by the english band coldplay from their album , viva la vida or death and all his friends . the album was released on 7 may 2008 .
the 2002 fifa world cup was a football sporting event that was held in korea republic and japan from may 31 to june 30 , 2002 .
the gustatory system is the sensory system for the sense of taste .
when over 300 adults were asked how often they cried , they found out that men cry once in every month , and women cry five or more times per month .
it was developed in 1969 beginning with rfc 15 and is now defined as ietf std 8 , which is one of the first internet standards .
apalachicola is a city of florida in the united states .
`` empire state of mind '' is a song by jay-z and alicia keys .
the song is about new york city , and has a music sample of `` love on a two-way street '' -lrb- 1970 -rrb- by the moments .
the metropolitan opera association is a big organization in new york city which puts on performances of opera . the metropolitan opera house -lrb- often simply called : the met -rrb- is one of the most famous opera houses in the world .
today the music director is james levine .
the metropolitan opera association is a big organization in new york city which puts on performances of opera .
the blood orange is a variety of orange -lrb- citrus sinensis -rrb- with crimson -lrb- blood-colored -rrb- interior flesh and an outer surface -lrb- skin -rrb- that is colored orange-red .
the fruit is smaller than an average orange ; its skin is usually pitted , but it may be smooth .
for example , there are guard dogs , hunting dogs , herding dogs , and guide dogs for blind people .
dogs have jobs such as police dog , army dog , seeing eye dog , fire dog , messenger dog , and much more .
the montreal wanderers were a professional men 's ice hockey team that played in montreal , quebec at the montreal arena , and were one of the founding franchises of the national hockey league in the 1917 â `` 18 nhl season .
the dog -lrb- canis lupus familiaris -rrb- is a mammal from the family canidae .
the common name , shared with the related genus catharanthus , is periwinkle .
les croã '' tes is a commune of the aube dã partement in the north-central part of france .
the letter p showing a pawn is not used , so that e4 means `` pawn moves to the square e4 '' .
in some opening lines , the sequence thought best for both sides has been worked out to 20 â `` 30 moves , but most players avoid such lines .
the goal of the game is for each player to try and checkmate the king of the opponent . checkmate is a threat -lrb- ` check ' -rrb- to the opposing king which no move can stop .
prior to the formation of the nhl , the `` redbands '' were one of the most successful teams in hockey .
the moves of a chess game are written down by using a special chess notation .
the endgame -lrb- or end game or ending -rrb- is the part of the game when there are few pieces left on the board .
en passant -lrb- ` in passing ' in french -rrb- is a special capture . it is only available when a pawn moves forward two squares past an opposing pawn on an adjacent file .
the rules of chess are made by the world chess federation , which is known by the initials fide , meaning fã dã ration internationale des ã checs . the rules are written and explained in the section laws of chess .
hiroshi soejima -lrb- born 26 july 1959 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
if a pawn moves to its eighth rank , getting a promotion , the piece chosen is written after the move , for example e1q or e1 = q. castling is written by the special notations 0-0 for kingside castling and 0-0-0 for queenside .
recognized patterns of opening moves are openings and have been given names such as the ruy lopez or sicilian defense .
the first moves of a chess game are called the opening . a chess opening is a name given to a series of opening moves .
if a piece lands on an opponent 's piece , the opposing piece is taken off the board .
she was the news anchor at nbc 's today . for 25 years walters also hosted the abc show 20\/20 .
once in every game , each king can make a special move , known as castling .
at the end of the game , 1-0 means `` white won '' , 0-1 means `` black won '' and â 1\/2 - â 1\/2 is a draw .
they are listed in reference works such as the encyclopaedia of chess openings .
when a pawn moves to its eighth rank , it must be changed for a piece : a queen , rook , bishop , or knight of the same color -lrb- player 's choice -rrb- .
in algebraic notation , each square has one and only one name -lrb- whether you are looking from white 's side of the board or black 's -rrb- . here , moves are written in the format of : initial of piece moved â `` file where it moved â `` rank where it moved .
if a move is made which attacks the opposing king , that king is said to be ` in check ' . the player whose king is checked must make a move to remove the check .
it was needed for scanning .
-lrb- -lrb- image : barbara walters at met opera . jpg thumb -lrb- 400x600 -rrb- px right barbara walters -rrb- -rrb- barbara walters is an author and broadcast journalist .
the opposite of a tributary is a distributary , a river that branches off from the main flow of water .
he is said to be the first person to use the expression `` rock and roll '' to describe rhythm and blues music . alan freed was one of the first to play rock and roll music on his radio show , and he organized the first rock and roll concert in cleveland in 1952 .
rock and roll is a form of rock music developed in the 1950s and 1960s .
it is named after lake erie .
this symphony seems to say everything that ives had been trying to do in music . it was not until 1965 that a complete performance of the symphony was given .
the last movement is like a fight between discord and traditional tonal music .
the piece ends quietly with just the percussion playing at a distance .
perhaps the piece which is most often heard today is the short fanfare the unanswered question -lrb- 1908 -rrb- , written for the very unusual combination of trumpet , four flutes , and string orchestra .
although he is now best known for his orchestral music , he composed two string quartets and other chamber music .
he had more understanding of what ives was trying to do . it was a terrible blow to charles when his father died on 4 november 1894 .
the variations differ sharply : a running line , a set of close harmonies , a march , a polonaise , and a ragtime allegro ; the interludes are one of the first uses of bitonality .
he left the nhl after the 1960 season .
the strings , playing from behind the stage , play very slow , chorale-like music throughout the piece while several times the trumpet -lrb- playing from behind the audience -rrb- plays a short group of notes that ives described as `` the eternal question of existence '' .
they include bitonality and pantonality . .
one of his most interesting works is the his fourth symphony -lrb- 1910 â `` 16 -rrb- written for a huge orchestra .
mian channu tehsil is an administrative subdivision -lrb- tehsil -rrb- of khanewal district in the punjab province of pakistan .
he played several more seasons in the ahl before retiring after the 1969 season .
puce is a deep rose or brownish-purple color . chinese dried plums can also be said to be puce colored .
the jaws of rhamphorhynchus housed needle-like teeth , which were angled forward , with a curved , sharp , beak-like tip lacking teeth . their diet was mainly fish and insects .
diagramming software is a computer program that is used to produce graphical diagrams .
jean-marie pfaff -lrb- born 4 december 1953 -rrb- is a former belgian football player .
military , military technology and equipment , military history , military strategy , military tactics , just war , frontline , military-industrial complex , weapon , laws of war , medieval warfare , world war , war profiteer , attacks on humanitarian workers .
david theodore creighton -lrb- born june 24 , 1930 in port arthur , ontario -rrb- is a retired canadian ice hockey forward .
the statistical analysis of war was started by lewis fry richardson following world war i. more recent databases of wars have been assembled by the correlates of war project and peter brecke .
the spermatic cord is a cord-like structure in the human body that run from the abdomen down to each testicle .
sesame oil , doenjang , soy sauce , salt , garlic , ginger , pepper and gochujang are ingredients that are often used in the food .
tteok means all rice cakes made from pounded rice -lrb- ë '' ë -- , metteok -rrb- , pounded glutinous rice -lrb- ì ë -- , chaltteok -rrb- , or glutinous rice that has not been pounded .
korean cuisine is mostly made up of rice , noodles , vegetables , and meats .
traditional rice cakes like tteok are eaten as treats during holidays and festivals .
most korean meals have many side dishes -lrb- called banchan -rrb- along with their steam-cooked rice .
it is usually filled or covered with sweet mung bean paste , red bean paste , raisins , or a sweet , creamy filling made with sesame seeds , pumpkin , beans , pine nuts , and honey .
guitar hero encore : rocks the 80s is a video game for the playstation 2 consoles . it is part of the guitar hero series of games .
walton was born to thomas gibson walton and nancy lee walton . he was part of the walton family , which is one of the richest families in the world .
he was born on march 29 , 1918 near kingfisher , oklahoma . walton is the person who created the well-known american stores , wal-mart and sam 's club .
walton is the person who created the well-known american stores , wal-mart and sam 's club . walton was born to thomas gibson walton and nancy lee walton .
he was part of the walton family , which is one of the richest families in the world .
rã my is a commune . it is found in the nord-pas-de-calais region in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
creighton started his national hockey league career with the boston bruins in 1948 .
by law , only the australian government was allowed to fly the blue australian flag . everyone else that wanted to use an australian flag used the red one , called the red ensign .
the flag of australia is a national flag .
the catcher crouches behind the home plate and catches the ball thrown by the pitcher .
a catcher is a position in baseball .
aluã sio francisco da luz -lrb- born 1 march , 1931 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
syria national football team is the national football team of syria .
ambriã res-les-vall ã es is a commune of 2,903 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
`` umbrella '' is a r&b song performed by rihanna and features jay-z from rihanna 's album good girl gone bad .
takeshi aoki -lrb- born 28 september 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for kashima antlers .
the album was mingus 's last project before his death .
it is a pinkish color . it is covered with rough hairs .
t. diffusas only host plant is wild cotton -lrb- gossypium thurberi -rrb- .
thurberiphaga diffusa is a north american moth . it is in the family noctuidae .
fã lix houphouã `` t-boigny -lrb- 18 october 1905 â `` 7 december 1993 -rrb- was the first president of cã te d'ivoire .
it is the first game in the original mega man series to be made since the release of mega man 8 for the playstation in 1996 . it has the same graphics as the nes mega mans .
it is the first game in the original mega man series to be made since the release of mega man 8 for the playstation in 1996 .
mega man 9 , known in japan as rockman 9 : the ambition 's revival ! ! , is a platform video game made by capcom for the wii 's wiiware service , playstation network , and xbox live arcade .
chromium -lrb- ii -rrb- oxide is a chemical compound .
fucsovics played alongside mã tã zsiga , but the team lost to guilherme clã zar and tiago fernandes in the second round .
stephen black -lrb- march 31 , 1927 - june 12 , 2008 -rrb- was a professional ice hockey player from thunder bay , ontario in the nhl .
in january 2006 , kramnik announced that he would skip the corus chess tournament in wijk aan zee to seek out treatment for his arthritis .
after two years in the minors , he finally cracked the nhl with the detroit red wings .
as his defensive skills increased , his overall game improved , and was picked to play in the 1950 nhl all star game .
with the detroit red wings , black wore the # 19 jersey which would decades later be worn by steve yzerman .
the 1950 wings were already deep in offensive talent with established players such as gordie howe , ted lindsay and sid abel , so black was told to concentrate on the defensive aspect of the game .
he played in the minor leagues for three more seasons before retiring from hockey in 1954 .
in 1946 black joined the oakland seals of the pchl and showed enough talent to move up to the ahl the following season .
he would play 39 games for chicago that season which would also be his last in the nhl .
the highlight of his career came that spring when he won the stanley cup with the red wings .
michael ` mick ' denis mills -lrb- born 4 january 1949 in godalming , surrey -rrb- is a retired association footballer .
valentin louis georges eugã ne marcel proust -lrb- french pronounced : maê sé l pê ust -rrb- -lrb- july 10 , 1871 â `` november 18 , 1922 -rrb- was a french novelist , essayist and critic , best known as the author of ã la recherche du temps perdu -lrb- in english , in search of lost time -rrb- , a monumental work of twentieth-century fiction published in seven parts from 1913 to 1927 .
sightings with the spitzer space telescope show that it 's diameter is about 70 km -lrb- 43 miles -rrb- plus or minus 20 km -lrb- 50 to 90 km in diameter -rrb- , or a 35 km radius .
it belongs to the group of icy minor planets called centaurs , with an orbit that crosses the orbits of neptune and uranus .
the athletics teams of the university are called the bearcats . they have 18 varsity teams and they compete in the big east conference .
the show tells a story about a serial killer , dexter morgan , who works as a forensics analyst for the police . the main actor of the show is michael c. hall .
the crystal city -lrb- 2003 -rrb- is an alternate history\/fantasy book that is written by orson scott card .
the word psychedelic is a word invented in the 20th century by joining the greek words for `` mind , '' ï ï ï î -lrb- psyche -rrb- , and `` manifest , '' î î î '' î ï -lrb- delos -rrb- .
it causes him great physical discomfort while playing .
the word psychedelic is a word invented in the 20th century by joining the greek words for `` mind , '' ï ï
mayhem is a black metal band from norway . the band was formed in 1984 .
chavannes-sur-suran is a commune .
tmb is the company operating the line and handled by the division line in two : line 9 and line 10 .
vladimir kramnik , born 25 june 1975 , is a russian chess grandmaster .
line 9 -lrb- lã nia 9 in catalan -rrb- is the newest line in the barcelona metro network , currently under construction , with only five complete stations , all in santa coloma de gramenet .
the austrian cup -lrb- german : ã -- fb-cup -rrb- is an football -lrb- soccer -rrb- competition held by the austrian football association , the ã -- fb .
discounts and allowances are reductions to a basic price of goods or services .
the story follows the fast rise and fall of an early rock 'n' roll singer named stag preston .
he plays for wolfsburg and japan national team .
makoto hasebe -lrb- born 18 january 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
i have not yet found somebody who has told me they 've seen the wall of china from earth orbit .
... i 've asked various people , particularly shuttle guys , that have been many orbits around china in the daytime , and the ones i 've talked to did n't see it .
one astronaut who spoke about not being able to see the moon from space was neil armstrong who said : i do not believe that , at least with my eyes , there would be any man-made object that i could see .
below is the list of wikipedia articles about basketball players who have played for the los angeles clippers nba team .
there are contrabass trombones , bass trombones , tenor trombones , alto trombones , soprano trombones , and piccolo trombones . these trombone types are arranged in order from the lowest -lrb- contrabass -rrb- to the highest -lrb- piccolo -rrb- sounding trombones .
cities in between include albuquerque , new mexico ; santa fe , new mexico ; pueblo , colorado ; colorado springs , colorado ; denver , colorado ; cheyenne , wyoming ; and casper , wyoming .
interstate 25 is an interstate highway in the united states . it goes from las cruces , new mexico north to buffalo , wyoming .
the definition of this term in the report is quite well known and often cited :
keselowski left jr motorsports and phoenix racing after the 2009 season to drive the full season for the # 12 dodge in the sprint cup series and the # 29 dodge in the nationwide series for penske racing in 2010 .
after driving for a few teams , dale earnhardt , jr. called keselowski asking him to drive his # 88 united states navy chevrolet for jr motorsports for the rest of the year .
in 2007 , keselowski started racing in the busch series .
on 30 december 2006 he married french journalist marie-laure germon .
dracovenator was a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in southern africa during the early jurassic period , about 185 million years ago .
also known as whsv news 3 , the station is owned by gray television and broadcasts from an antenna west of the town of stanley on massanutten mountain .
whsv-tv , channel 3 , is a television station located in harrisonburg , virginia .
alexandre guilmant -lrb- born boulogne-sur-mer , 12 march 1837 ; died meudon 29 march 1911 -rrb- was a french organist and composer .
kramnik has been diagnosed with an uncommon form of arthritis , called ankylosing spondylitis .
toshiba is a japanese brand of computer .
toshiba is a japanese brand of computer . toshiba corporation was founded in 1939 , when two companies , a telegraph manufacturer and a light bulb maker .
angusville is a community in manitoba , canada .
richard henry sellers , cbe , commonly known as peter sellers -lrb- 8 september 1925 -- 24 july 1980 -rrb- was a british comedian and actor best known for his three roles in dr. strangelove , as inspector clouseau in the pink panther films , and as clare quilty in the original 1962 screen version of lolita .
an apostle is a messenger and ambassador .
it 's a fun song , but it 's kind of a drag because maxwell keeps on destroying everyone like his girlfriend then the school teacher , and then , finally , the judge . ''
some are made out of animal skin , like calfskin or goatskin . other ones can be made out of thick plastic .
there are usually around seven tension rods on the timpani .
tuning a timpani by turning every tension rod by itself can be very hard , so some timpani makers invented different ways to change the drum 's pitch more quickly .
because plastic heads are hard to break and do not cost as much as animal skin heads , they are used more often than animal skin heads .
the screws that hold and tune the drumhead are called `` tension rods '' .
however , a lot of professional players prefer skin heads because they think that skin heads make a better sound when they are hit .
a pedal timpani is a timpani that uses a pedal to change its pitch . it is the kind of timpani that is used the most today .
the drumhead is stretched over the bowl of the timpani and held on by screws for tuning the timpani .
karl popper had the opinion that only theories that are falsifiable are scientific .
although news media first reported the earthquake as an aftershock of the february earthquake , the initial geological summary given by the united states geological survey said it was an independent earthquake . though unchained by the regional stress caused by the february 27 earthquake , the march event was not an immediate adjustment to february 's thrust fault rupture between the nazca and south american plates , but it was caused by normal faulting inside one of those plates .
although news media first reported the earthquake as an aftershock of the february earthquake , the initial geological summary given by the united states geological survey said it was an independent earthquake .
a tsunami warning was made by the pacific tsunami warning center pacific-wide , although they warned of the possibility of local tsunamis within 100 kilometers of the epicenter -lrb- between san antonio and concepciã n -rrb- .
the earthquake took place shortly before the new president , sebastiã n piã era , was sworn in , at about 12:15 pm local time -lrb- 15:15 utc -rrb- , at the chilean congress in valparaã so , where the shaking was clearly felt .
the may , 2 2010 pichilemu earthquake was a magnitude 6.0 mw earthquake that struck off pichilemu , chile , at 10:52 am on may 2 , 2010 at the epicenter , at a depth of 31 k. usgs described that the epicenter was 70 k south-southwest of san antonio , 105 k west regional capital of rancagua , 105 k northwest of curicã and 140 k southwest of the chilean capital of santiago .
it is the sole surviving regency theatre in the country .
not all the beet can be crystallised immediately , and some is kept in solution in holding tanks until late spring and early summer , when the plant has spare crystallising capacity .
notable people from bury st edmunds include artist and printer sybil andrews , actor bob hoskins , theater director sir peter hall , artist and water deviner neil stalley , author maria lousie de la ramã -lrb- also known as ouida -rrb- , world war ii canadian general guy simonds and the 18th century landscape architect humphry repton , as well as thomas clarkson fact-finder behind the abolition of the slave trade .
this in turn derives from the proto-indo-european root \* bhrgh meaning `` fortified elevation '' , with cognates including welsh `` bera '' , `` stack '' and sanskrit bhrant - `` high , elevated building '' .
many areas remain inaccessible to the public due to building work .
during a peak of local musical activity in bury st edmunds in 2002 , he referred -lrb- tongue-in-cheek -rrb- to the town as ` the new seattle ' .
the town 's football club , bury town , are the fourth oldest non-league team in england .
bury 's largest landmark is the british sugar factory near the a14 , which processes sugar beet into refined crystal sugar .
the opening for the tower took place in july 2005 , and included a brass band concert and fireworks .
the tudor king henry viii 's sister , mary tudor , was re-buried in bury 's st mary 's church , after being moved from the abbey after her brother 's dissolution of the church six year after her death .
660 lorry loads of beet can be accepted each day when beet is being harvested .
he returned from treatment in june 2006 , playing in the 37th chess olympiad .
they are members of the isthmian league division one north .
the name borough comes from of bury , which has cognates in other germanic languages such as the old norse `` borg '' meaning `` wall , castle '' ; and gothic `` baurgs '' meaning `` city '' .
there is a network of tunnels which prove that chalk-workings took place nearby , though there is no evidence of a lot of tunnels under the town center .
the town linked to the magna carta ; in 1214 the barons of england are believed to have met in the abbey church and promised to force king john to accept the charter of liberties , the document which influenced the creation of the magna carta .
although not from bury st edmunds , bbc radio 1 dj john peel lived nearby in great finborough and on 12 november 2004 his funeral took place at the cathedral .
another beer-related landmark is britain 's smallest public house , the nutshell , which is on the traverse , just off the marketplace .
the cathedral was extended with an eastern end in the 1960s , commemorated by benjamin britten 's fanfare for st edmundsbury , and a new gothic revival cathedral tower was built as part of a millennium project running from 2000 to 2005 .
the sugar is sold under the silver spoon name -lrb- the other major british brand , tate & lyle , is made from imported sugar cane -rrb- .
by-products include molassed sugar beet feed for cattle and limex70 , a soil improver .
among the victims were 17 members of bury st edmunds rugby club .
it has collections of fine art , for example mary beale , costume , e.g. charles frederick worth , horology , local and social history ; including red barn murder and witchcraft .
due to their unsafe nature the chalk-workings are not open to the public , although viewing is allowed to some people .
also constructions in soil can fail due to shear ; e.g. , the weight of an earth-filled dam may cause the subsoil to collapse , like a small landslide .
shear stress is a stress state where the stress is parallel to the surface of the material , as opposed to normal stress when the stress is vertical to the surface .
cicinho -lrb- born 24 june 1980 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for sã # o paulo .
a marsh is different from a swamp , which has a greater proportion of open water surface , which is generally deeper than a marsh .
in geography , a marsh is a type of wetland , featuring grasses , rushes , reeds , typhas , sedges , and other herbaceous plants -lrb- possibly with low-growing woody plants -rrb- in a context of shallow water .
in the usa , the term swamp is used for wetland dominated by trees rather than grasses and low herbs .
federico balzaretti -lrb- born 6 december 1981 -rrb- is an italian football player .
the twenty-fourth amendment prevents the united states congress and us states from charging a poll tax on federal elections .
beautiful katamari , released in japan as beautiful katamari damacy is a third-person puzzle-action video game made by namco bandai for the xbox 360 game console . wii and playstation 3 versions have been talked about by namco bandai , but no release date has been set .
the word schnapps comes from the german word schnaps .
an english translation , rendered by sir edwin arnold , then principal of puna college , pune , india , was published in london in 1861 .
norman borlaug -lrb- born march 25 , 1914 - died september 12 , 2009 -rrb- was an american scientist who won the nobel peace prize in 1970 .
it should be noted that , while the song was extremely popular in the united states , even reaching hit number 26 on the billboard hot 100 airplay , the lack of a commercial single single-handedly stopped the song from charting on the billboard hot 100 .
the song was written by frontman billie joe armstrong about his struggle with anxiety ; before he was diagnosed with a panic disorder , and he thought he was going crazy .
the song ended up being a huge hit , spending five weeks at the top of the modern rock tracks chart after it was released .
harnes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
mcclane then takes his cigarette lighter and ignites the fuel and the plane blows up .
also in 1986 , sundquist , who by that point had a wife and a child , decided to back out of the band and pursue a normal family life .
as mcclane expected , stuart 's men attack the swat team . they kill all five members and are about to kill barnes when mcclane comes through a vent shaft and kills them all .
lorenzo sends his swat team and the communications director , leslie barnes , to head to the skywalk .
die hard 2 -lrb- also called die hard 2 : die harder -rrb- is an american action movie starring bruce willis , bonnie bedelia , and william sadler . it was released on the fourth of july weekend in 1990 .
the county once contained the wealthy and politically independent city of london on its southern boundary .
after a royal commission on local government in greater london , middlesex was absorbed by an enlarged greater london in 1965 .
in the interwar years urban london further expanded , with the expansion of public transport , and the setting up of new industries outside inner london .
the fault allowed the midland valley to descend as a major rift by up to 4000 metres and there was subsequently vertical movement .
this movement was later replaced by a horizontal shear .
the highland boundary fault was active during the caledonian orogeny . this was a plate tectonic collision which took place from mid ordovician to mid devonian periods -lrb- 520 to 400 million years ago -rrb- , during the closure of the iapetus ocean .
hiroki mihara -lrb- born 20 april 1978 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
they were briefly left without a drummer until they were able to lure skin yard drummer matt cameron away from his band .
bun ' å was a japanese era after shå gen and before kå chå .
this era lasted from april 1260 to february 1261 .
however , when monarchy fell , she escaped russia and lived in england .
at age 15 , though xenia and alexander wanted to marry , her parents did not want to allow them because xenia was too young . they were also unsure if alexander was really very nice .
xenia , like her brothers , was educated by private tutors .
they traveled around playing various gigs with this lineup for about a year .
xenia 's younger sister , olga , wrote about the joy of her the wedding , `` the emperor was so happy .
it was difficult political time because of terrorist threats . alexander iii moved with his family from the winter palace to the gatchina palace to protect his family .
jasper goes and visits rosa .
there are fines for jaywalking in some states , and cities .
charles n ` zogbia -lrb- born 28 may 1986 -rrb- is a french football player . he plays for wigan athletic .
many predatory mammals have claws that can hide inside the animal 's paw , especially animals such as the cat .
the unguis is the outside hard layer , which has keratin fibers arranged perpendicular to the direction of growth and in layers at an angle .
the correct name for an arthropod 's ` claw ' is chela -lrb- plural chelae -rrb- .
similar appendages that are flat and do not come to a sharp point are called nails instead .
a nail is similar to a claw but it is flatter and has a curved edge instead of a point .
these certain animals do not have actual claws , instead the unguis appears normal along with a thick growth of subunguis .
they tell rosa not to talk to neville or helena in case jasper is watching . however , tartar lets rosa meet helena .
the claw grows outward from the nail matrix at the base of the unguis and the subunguis grows thicker while traveling across the nail bed .
in hair , this causes the hair to fall out and it is replaced by a new one .
a nail that is big enough to hold weight is called a ` hoof ' -lrb- see also horse hoof .
tetrapods , claws are made of keratin and have of two layers .
legs that have a chela are called chelipeds .
it is found at the end of a toe or finger in many mammals , birds , and some reptiles .
domesticated equids -lrb- horses , donkeys and mules -rrb- usually need regular trimming by a farrier .
they are used by some meat eating mammals such as cats and dogs to catch and hold prey , but they may also be used for other things such as digging , climbing trees , and so on , in those and other species .
in claws , this results in an old layer , and it breaks off .
a claw is made of hard protein called keratin .
cats are often seen working old layers off on wood or on boards made for the purpose .
the unguis grows outward faster than the subunguis to make a curve and the thinner sides of the claw wear away faster than their thicker middle , making a more or less sharp point .
every so often , the growth of claws stops and restarts , just like the growth of hair .
this takes several months for human thumbnails .
clive barker -lrb- born 5 october 1952 -rrb- is an english author , movie director and visual artist .
miss honey later takes matilda into her home and both of them live very happily .
now demetrius and lysander both love helena , who thinks they are playing a mean trick on her .
there are also some workmen in the play who are planning to perform a play of their own , called pyramus and thisbe , to theseus , hippolyta , and the young lovers at the wedding of theseus and hippolyta .
lysander - a young man who is in love with hermia .
meanwhile , helena is in love with demetrius .
the first character , é 1\/2 , is an old character for salt .
a person called neville landless has a twin sister called helena . they are both sent to a school in cloisterham .
http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/special:landingcheck?landing_page=wmfja085&language=en&utm_source=donate&utm_medium=sidebar&utm_campaign=20101204sb002
in 2008 world youth day will be held in sydney , australia
a spliceosome is a complex of special rna and protein subunits . it removes introns from a transcribed pre-mrna segment .
each spliceosome is composed of five small nuclear rna proteins , called snrnps , -lrb- pronounced `` snurps '' -rrb- and a range of non-snrnp protein factors .
this process is generally referred to as splicing .
this article is about a list of retired pacific hurricane names .
at the end , voldemort comes , but dumbledore saves harry from him , and all the other wizards see voldemort and know harry is telling the truth .
fortman also co-owns a recording studio called balance productions which is located in louisiana .
more recently , he has acted in cow belles and the cheetah girls , and the television series kevin hill , sue thomas : f.b. eye , and instant star .
mr. tartar meets him and asks him if he knows who he is . crisparkle remembers that tartar once saved him from dying in a river .
civrac-sur-dordogne is a commune . it is found in the region aquitaine in the gironde department in the southwest of france .
when a mobile phone is switched on , it connects to the nearest mobile phone base station .
the sim may be supplied by the same company as the phone , or a different one .
a mobile phone -lrb- also known as a wireless phone , cell phone , or cellular telephone -rrb- is a little portable radio telephone .
although dr. martin cooper from motorola made the first call using a mobile phone in 1973 , this was not on a cellular mobile phone network as we use today .
the sim may be supplied by the same company as the phone , or a different one . sometimes you can change the network by using a sim from another network , but some companies do not want this to happen and they lock the phone so that you have to use their sim .
some digital mobile phones need a separate microchip , called a subscriber identity module or sim , to work .
he was a very active critic during the years of crisis in italy after the first world war and during the early years of fascist rule .
seo jung-won -lrb- born 17 december 1970 -rrb- is a former south korean football player . he has played for korea republic national team .
she follows him all the way to cloisterham . she meets mr. datchery , who tells her jasperâ s name .
wave power means the energy of ocean surface waves and the capture of that energy to do useful work - including electricity generation , desalination , and the pumping of water -lrb- into reservoirs -rrb- .
luigi de agostini -lrb- born 7 april , 1961 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
in 2007 , hurricane humberto made landfall near high island .
haverhill is a town in palm beach county , florida , united states .
another version called need for speed : most wanted : 5-1-0 was released for the playstation portable .
blerim då 3\/4 emaili -lrb- born 12 april 1986 -rrb- is a swiss football player .
an object with a mass -lrb- m -rrb- of one kilogram will accelerate -lrb- a -rrb- at one meter per second per second when acted upon by a force -lrb- f -rrb- of one newton . this about one-tenth the acceleration due to earthâ s gravity .
someone could push an adult on the swing . the adult would accelerate slowly .
however , the objects still have their mass and inertia . astronaut must use ten times as much force to accelerate a ten-kilogram object at the same rate as a one-kilogram object .
boa constrictor is a non-venomous boa species .
though all boids are constrictors , only this species is properly referred to as `` boa constrictor '' ; a rare instance of an animal having the same common and scientific binomial name .
it is a common sight in zoos .
captive longevity is 20 to 30 years , with rare accounts of over 40 years , making them a long-term commitment as a pet .
all subspecies are referred to as `` boa constrictors , '' while the nominate subspecies , b. c. constrictor , is often referred to specifically as the `` red-tailed boa . ''
found from northern mexico through central america -lrb- belize , guatemala , honduras , el salvador , nicaragua , costa rica and panama -rrb- to south america north of 35 â s -lrb- colombia , ecuador , peru , venezuela , guyana , suriname , french guiana , brazil , bolivia , uruguay and argentina .
other common names include `` jibã ia '' -lrb- brazil -rrb- and `` macajuel '' -lrb- trinidadian , pronounced mah-cah-well -rrb- .
kellner was loyal to the kaiserâ s regime , but still he welcomed the birth of the german democracy after the war .
118 , in worms .
kellner would show his opposition at rallies by holding adolf hitlerâ s book , mein kampf , above his head . he then shouted to the crowd : â gutenberg , your printing press has been violated by this evil book .
she goes to mr. grewgious in london .
then the ditch was filled with dirt even as he could hear screams coming from people still alive in the ditch .
he watched as naked jewish men and women were placed in front of a long deep ditch and , upon the order of the ss , were shot by ukrainians in the back of their heads and they fell into the ditch .
these inhuman atrocities were so terrible that some of the ukrainians , who were used as tools , suffered nervous breakdowns .
isigny-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
for the next two years he was the district auditor in the regional court in giessen .
in 2007 , the canadian film company , cci entertainment of toronto , made a documentary film about both friedrich kellner and his grandson robert scott kellner . the film is called , my opposition : the diaries of friedrich kellner .
the diary has 10 volumes with a total of 861 pages .
thermodynamic power cycles are the basis for the operation of heat engines , which supply most of the world 's electric power and run almost all motor vehicles .
cycles that model external combustion engines include the brayton cycle , which models gas turbines , and the rankine cycle , which models steam turbines .
two primary classes of thermodynamic cycles are power cycles and heat pump cycles .
xangsane made landfall in the philippines , battering the northern islands with torrential rains and strong winds , and causing widespread flooding and landslides .
power cycles are cycles which convert some heat input into a mechanical work output , while heat pump cycles transfer heat from low to high temperatures using mechanical work input .
the first law of thermodynamics dictates that the net heat input is equal to the net work output over any cycle .
a thermodynamic cycle is a series of thermodynamic processes which returns a system to its initial state .
on the day of her death she walked arm-in-arm with her twin brother to be burned .
mary condemned 277 people for not having the right sort of religion . this crime was called heresy .
later that day the jtwc upgraded as the depression moved towards the west it was upgraded to a tropical storm by the jtwc .
her death took place at the windmill pit on the burton road in derby .
joan waste -lrb- 1534 - 1 august 1556 -rrb- was a blind woman who was burned in derby because she would not stop being a protestant .
she was hanged over the fire with a rope . she fell into the fire when the rope burned through .
when elizabeth i of england became queen in 1559 she removed ralph baines from the job of bishop of coventry and lichfield . baines was sent to be a prisoner of the bishop of london .
the judge was also sent to be a prisoner . he died after being released in 1571 .
these houses , made of plants , protect the muskrat from predators , since the only entrance is underwater .
the project and its products are named after the gentoo penguin .
philippine airlines canceled over half of its flights to and from ninoy aquino international airport for september 28 , and various transit services also suspended service .
gentoo package management is designed to be modular , portable , easy to maintain , flexible , and optimized for the user 's machine .
although originally designed for the x86 architecture , it has been ported to many others and currently runs on the x86 , x86-64 , ia-64 , pa-risc ; powerpc , powerpc 970 , sparc64 , mips , dec alpha , system z\/s390 , ps3 cell processor and superh architectures .
gentoo linux uses a package management system called portage .
ali karimi -lrb- born 8 november 1978 -rrb- is an iranian football player .
the north british type 1 -lrb- later known as class 16 -rrb- was a type of diesel locomotive ordered under british railways ' 1955 modernisation plan .
there is a railway station in avenel which is on the main line between melbourne and albury .
bushranger ned kelly lived in avenel when he was young . he saved a boy from drowning in hughes creek and was given a green silk sash as a reward .
the jtwc ceased advisories after landfall , while the jma carried the storm inland until it was over thailand as a tropical depression .
powder monkeys were boys or young teenagers who used to work on board the old sailing ships when they went to war . when there was a battle it was the powder monkeys ' job to carry bags of gunpowder from the place where it was stored to the people who were operating the guns .
alair de souza camargo junior -lrb- born 27 january 1982 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
in unix , and in other computer multitasking operating systems , a daemon -lrb- or \/ ë deé mé n \/ -rrb- is a computer program that runs as a background task . this task , rather than existing under the control of a user , is usually started as background processes .
normally , daemons have names that end with the letter `` d '' : for example , syslogd , the daemon that handles the system log , httpd , a daemon that handles web requests or sshd , which takes care of incoming ssh connections .
alfonso guilleard soriano -lrb- born january 7 , 1976 -rrb- is a dominican republican professional major league baseball player . he currently plays for the chicago cubs as an outfielder .
he has used to play with the hiroshima toyo carp , new york yankees , texas rangers and washington nationals before the cubs .
storm signal number 2 , for winds of 60 - 100 km\/h -lrb- 37 - 62 mph -rrb- , was raised for northern samar island and central luzon .
he bats right-handed and has batted as a lead-off hitter for most of his career .
bastia was the capital of corsica until 1791 .
bastia is situated in the northeast of corsica , at the base of cap corse , bastia is the main port of the island and its principal commercial town .
on september 27 , pagasa issued storm signal number 3 , a warning for winds of 100 - 185 km\/h -lrb- 62 - 115 mph -rrb- , for areas of southern luzon .
the goaltender -lrb- also known colloquially as goalie or netminder -rrb- in ice hockey is the player who defends his team 's goal net by stopping shots of the puck from entering his team 's net , thus stopping the other team from scoring .
fritz todt -lrb- 4 september 1891 in pforzheim â `` 8 february 1942 in kä trzyn -rrb- was a german ingeneur and was responsible for the german roadworks .
because of the damage , the name `` allison '' was retired , meaning it will never be used for a storm in the atlantic ocean . allison got its name retired .
allison caused more than $ 5 billion in damage .
early the next day xangsane was upgraded to a category 2 typhoon and then over the next six hours xangsane rapidly intensified into a category 4 typhoon with wind speeds of 115 kts -lrb- 130 mph , 215 km\/h -rrb- .
his grandfather was pavel maximovich sokolov , a priest of russian orthodox church from the tver region .
he is said to be the main creator of the first version of the periodic table of elements .
neither attempted to predict new elements .
another was lothar meyer , who published a work in 1864 , describing 28 elements .
work was made by others in the 1860s to suggest that the elements display periodicity .
the lack of spaces for undiscovered elements and the placing of two elements in one box were criticized and his ideas were not accepted .
the russian chemist and science historian l.a. tchugayev has characterized him as `` a chemist of genius , first-class physicist , a fruitful researcher in the fields of hydrodynamics , meteorology , geology , certain branches of chemical technology -lrb- explosives , petroleum , and fuels , for example -rrb- and other disciplines adjacent to chemistry and physics , a thorough expert of chemical industry and industry in general , and an original thinker in the field of economy . ''
after graduation , tuberculosis caused him to move to the crimean peninsula on the northern coast of the black sea in 1855 .
at the age of 13 , after the death of his father and the destruction of his mother 's factory by fire , mendeleev attended the gymnasium in tobolsk .
in 1863 there were 56 known elements with a new element being discovered at a rate of approximately one per year .
mendeleev is thought to be the youngest of 14 siblings , but the exact number differs among sources .
hirotsugu nakabayashi -lrb- born 28 april 1986 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sanfrecce hiroshima .
woodruff or galium odoratum is a plant used for herbical medicine .
since 1972 , gaustadt is not an own community .
donia was also known as grutte pier , which means `` big lad '' , in frisian language , or grote pier , which means the same in dutch language .
after passing over manila and emerging over the south china sea , the typhoon made a second landfall in central vietnam , also causing flooding and landslides there and in thailand .
saint-just is a commune .
terminal elements and summary elements comprise the work breakdown structure of the project .
gantt charts can be used to show current schedule status using percent-complete shadings and a vertical `` today '' line -lrb- also called `` time now '' or `` data date '' -rrb- .
a gantt chart is a type of bar chart that shows a project schedule .
gantt charts show the start and finish dates of tasks -lrb- called the terminal elements and summary elements -rrb- of a project .
mae west -lrb- august 17 , 1893 -- november 22 , 1980 -rrb- was an american actress and movie star .
following the merger with morris , the model line up for austin changed considerably . the most notable car to come from this era was the austin mini , this was also sold as a morris mini and was made up until 2000 -lrb- though not as an austin after 1987 -rrb- .
the currently make cars as mg 's , however it intends to use this brand name for luxury cars and sports cars . nanjing does not own the rover name , so the austin name is the most recent it has to use for its main stream mass market cars .
austin was a british car manufacturer formed in 1905 , the company merged with morris in 1952 , becoming the lead partner in british motor company .
urby emanuelson -lrb- born 16 june 1986 -rrb- is a dutch football player .
he is probably best known for hosting the game show trash to treasure and his role as `` dude '' in the n 's television series about a girl .
late on september 24 , 2006 , the joint typhoon warning center , noted that an area of convection , had persisted about 460 nm to the southeast of manila , in the philippines .
in may 1994 , calloway suffered a stroke .
in the movie he sang `` minnie the moocher . '' he sang the song `` the jumpin ' jive '' on the famous childrens tv show sesame street .
cabell `` cab '' calloway iii -lrb- december 25 , 1907 -- november 18 , 1994 -rrb- was an american jazz musician and actor .
netflix is an online movie rental service .
villers-l ã s-cagnicourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
lake tahoe is a fresh water lake in the sierra nevada .
early that afternoon the jtwc reported that xangsane , had reached its peak wind speeds of 125 kts -lrb- 145 mph , 230 km\/h -rrb- .
josimar -lrb- born 19 september , 1961 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
glory -lrb- from the latin gloria , `` fame , renown '' -rrb- is a word used to show the highness of god , in the judeo-christian religions .
they have achieved success with a brand of upbeat and danceable synthpop , winning awards and top-10 spots in germany and scandinavia .
it was the fifteenth tropical storm and ninth typhoon recognized by the japan meteorological agency operationally during the season , although in post-operational analysis it became the tenth typhoon of the season with the addition of typhoon maria .
the roads north of the daintree river wind through areas of lush forest , and have been designed to minimize impacts on the forest .
meanwhile the jma reported that xangsane had reached its peak wind speeds of 85 kts -lrb- 100 mph , 155 km\/h -rrb- .
she had developed a strong interest in a rabbit she had seen while working , and claimed to have given birth to parts of animals . local surgeon john howard was called to see if it was true , and upon delivering several animal parts he told other important doctors .
the event came to the attention of nathaniel st. andrã , surgeon to the royal household of king george i of great britain .
mary toft -lrb- nã e denyer -rrb- -lrb- c. 1701 â `` 1763 -rrb- , also called mary tofts , was an english woman from godalming , surrey . in 1726 , she became the subject of a lot of dispute when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits .
toft became pregnant in 1726 , but later miscarried .
xangsane then passed through the philippine islands , wreaking havoc and becoming the strongest typhoon to directly impact metro manila in eleven years .
the public learned of the fact that the doctors had been fooled and this created panic within the medical profession . several important surgeons ' careers were ruined , and many works were made that made fun of the doctors , each very critical of the affair .
beaumetz-l ã s-aire is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
closer is the second and final album by post-punk band joy division , released , two months following the suicide of lead singer ian curtis .
kurt steven angle -lrb- born december 9 , 1968 -rrb- , is an american professional wrestler currently under contract in total nonstop action wrestling where he is a former tna world champion .
his best-known composition is a choral work called african sanctus .
fanshawe died on 5 july 2010 .
later on september 26 , the jma upgraded xangsane to a severe tropical storm , whilst six hours later both the jma and the jtwc upgraded xangsane to typhoon with the jtwc reporting wind speeds equivalent to a category one typhoon .
a submarine is a vessel that goes under water .
the rebellion is named after daniel shays , a veteran of the american revolution who led the rebels , also known as `` shaysites '' or `` regulators '' .
a militia that had been raised as a private army defeated an attack on the federal springfield armory by the main shaysite force on february 3 , 1787 .
shays ' rebellion produced fears that the revolutionâ s democratic impulse had gotten out of hand .
upgrade u is an r&b \/ hip hop song written by beyoncã knowles .
he won the 1932 nobel prize in physiology or medicine , along with edgar douglas adrian , for discoveries about neurons .
later that morning the jtwc reassessed the potential of the disturbance forming into a significant tropical cyclone within 24 hours as good , and issued a tropical cyclone formation alert on the developing disturbance .
further inland lies a smooth , slowly rising landscape watered by many waterways , with fertile valleys and the northeastern sandy plain of the campine -lrb- kempen -rrb- .
the coastal plain is made up of mainly of sand dunes and polders .
peach orchard is a town of clay county in the state of arkansas in the united states .
it is the farthest member of the ananke group , retrograde non-spherical moons which orbit jupiter between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km , at inclinations of about 150 â .
is about 2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 22,721,000 km in 699.676 days , at an inclination of 142 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 142 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.0932 .
according to the joint typhoon warning center , xangsane was the sixteenth tropical storm and tenth typhoon of the season , and was a category 4-equivalent typhoon in terms of 1-minute average wind speeds .
cache coherence is there to manage such conflicts and maintain consistency between cache and memory .
as can be seen in the figure , if the top client has a copy of a memory block from a previous read and the bottom client changes that memory block , the top client could be left with an invalid cache of memory , without knowing .
coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to the same memory location .
directories , on the other hand , tend to have longer latencies -lrb- with a 3 hop request\/forward\/respond -rrb- but use much less bandwidth since messages are point to point and not broadcast .
these conditions are defined supposing that the read and write operations are made instantaneously .
a common case where the problem occurs is the cache of cpus in a multiprocessing system .
storm signal number 1 -lrb- 30 - 60 km\/h , 20 - 37 mph -rrb- was issued for northwestern luzon , including metro manila , and northern visayas , including the rest of samar island .
cache coherence or cache coherency refers to a number of ways to make sure all the caches of the resource have the same data , and that the data in the caches makes sense -lrb- called data integrity -rrb- . cache coherence is a special case of memory coherence .
distributed shared memory systems mimic these mechanisms so that they can maintain consistency between blocks of memory in loosely coupled systems .
the memory consistency model defines when a written value must be seen by a following read instruction made by the other processors .
however , this does not happen in computer hardware because of memory latency and other aspects of the architecture .
a write by processor x may not be seen by a read from processor y if the read is made within a very small time after the write has been made .
every request must be broadcast to all nodes in a system . as the system gets larger , the size of the -lrb- logical or physical -rrb- bus and the bandwidth it provides must grow .
the indiana pacers are a team in the national basketball association in indianapolis , indiana .
the team captain of a football team is a team member who is chosen to be the leader during a football match . mostly a captain is an older or more experienced player .
vaux-en-bugey is a commune .
mysore is a city in karnataka , india .
mysore palace , jaganmohan palace , chamundi hills , brindavan gardens , and mysore zoo are the places to see in mysore .
some people go to mysore to see dasara procession .
a-league is a football league which is top division in australia and new zealand .
religious studies -lrb- or religious education -rrb- is the academic field of secular study of religious beliefs , behaviors , and institutions .
yuji goto -lrb- born 20 august 1985 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
a toronto native , robson 's breakthrough role was in crazy canucks , the story of the 1974 world cup ski champions .
early the next day both the japan meteorological agency and the philippine atmospheric , geophysical and astronomical services administration -lrb- pagasa -rrb- designated the tropical disturbance as a tropical depression with pagasa assigning the local name of tropical depression milenyo , to the depression .
seisometers record motions in three cartesian axes -lrb- x , y , and z -rrb- , with the z axis perpendicular to the earth 's surface and the x - and y - axes parallel to the surface .
today , almost all seismograms are recorded digitally to make analysis by computer easier .
felton is best known for portraying to character , `` draco malfoy '' in the harry potter movie series .
felton is best known for portraying to character , `` draco malfoy '' in the harry potter movie series . felton has also won a mtv movie award for best villain in harry potter and the half-blood prince in 2010 .
as it entered the south china sea as a weak typhoon , it began to re-intensify , reaching its secondary peak strength shortly before landfall at danang , vietnam on october 1 .
military chocolate has been a part of u.s. armed forces rations since 1937 , and is issued to troops as part of basic field rations and sundry packs .
chocolate rations served two purposes : as a morale boost , and as a high-energy , pocket-sized emergency ration .
tropical storm claudette was the third named storm of the 2009 atlantic hurricane season . it was also the first tropical cyclone to affect the united states during 2009 .
patrick `` pat '' cash -lrb- born may 27 , 1965 , in melbourne , victoria -rrb- is a retired professional tennis player from australia . he won the wimbledon championships in 1987 and was once ranked the fourth best player in the world .
errol leslie thomson flynn -lrb- june 20 , 1909 â `` october 14 , 1959 -rrb- was an american movie actor , born in australia , very famous for his romantic hero roles in hollywood movies like captain blood -lrb- 1935 -rrb- , the adventures of robin hood -lrb- 1938 -rrb- , and adventures of don juan -lrb- 1948 -rrb- .
early that afternoon the jtwc started to issue advisories on the disturbance and designated it as tropical depression 18w .
the colors in the ribbon are crimson , which represents federation , and blue and gold for the beginning of the 21st century .
at the center of the star is an image showing the indigenous australian traditions at the heart of the continent .
around the edge are 100 dots for 100 years of federation .
the seven gold and red lines signify the states ' pathways to federation .
the bar and ribbon are the same so that a person with the award can be recognized easily .
one type of spelling bee is the scripps national spelling bee , in washington , d.c.
a spelling bee is a spoken spelling competition .
kenji fukuda -lrb- born 21 october 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for ehime .
olivier was leigh 's second husband . the first was leigh holman , and miss leigh was still legally married to him when she came to the us to accompany laurence olivier who came to hollywood to star in david o. selznick 's production of `` rebecca '' directed by alfred hitchcock .
she is most famous for playing scarlett o'hara in gone with the wind in 1939 , and blanche dubois in a streetcar named desire in 1951 .
leigh suffered from bipolar disorder and often had tuberculosis .
in response the nagorno-karabakh armenians held a december 10 , 1991 referendum in which the overwhelming majority of the population voted for outright independence . the azeri community of nagorno-karabakh boycotted this referendum .
the denver nuggets are a team in the national basketball association in denver , colorado .
professor john cromwell mather virginia is an american astrophysicist and cosmologist who was born on august 7 , 1946 , roanoke . he was awarded the nobel prize in physics in 2006 for his work on cobe satellite with george smoot .
that is related to computer science and is called artificial intelligence -lrb- man-made `` intelligence '' that is not real -rrb- .
following a series of regime changes in france , it became the imperial national library and in 1868 it moved to new buildings on the rue de richelieu .
spã racã des is a commune .
kim do-hoon -lrb- born 21 july 1970 -rrb- is a former south korean football player .
people who get infected with ebola virus get the disease ebola hemorrhagic fever .
lower austria is a federal state of austria .
the reason is that creativity can not be defined - although several attempts have been made , a shared definition of the concept of creativity still comes up short .
fanconi anemia is also a risk factor for developing acute myelogenous leukemia .
leukemia or leukemia is a cancer of blood and bone marrow .
there are many kinds of leukemia .
most likely , the different kinds of leukemias have different causes .
as of 2010 , there is no known cause for all kinds of leukemia .
leukemias are part of a bigger group of diseases , the blood cancers -lrb- hematological neoplasms -rrb- .
leukemia or leukemia is a cancer of blood and bone marrow . when a person has leukemia , the body makes too many white blood cells -lrb- leukocytes -rrb- .
sp1 became available to current windows vista users on windows update and the download center on march 18 , 2008 .
msdn subscribers were able to download sp1 on february 15 , 2008 .
however , it did not include internet explorer 8 .
support for the remaining 31 languages was released on april 14 , 2008 .
this caused microsoft to temporarily suspend automatic deployment of the service pack until the problem was resolved .
windows vista service pack 1 -lrb- sp1 -rrb- was released on february 4 , 2008 alongside windows server 2008 to oem partners , after a five-month beta test period .
the first use of the service pack caused a number of machines to continually reboot , rendering the machines unusable .
initially , the service pack only supported 5 languages - english , french , spanish , german and japanese .
service pack 2 for windows vista was released to manufacturing on april 28 , 2009 , and released to microsoft download center and windows update on may 26 , 2009 .
microsoft releases service packs to update software and fix problems .
the same release date of the two operating systems showed the merging of the workstation and server kernels back into a single code base for the first time since windows 2000 .
standard intelligence tests , such as the stanford-binet , are often inappropriate for children with autism and dyslexia ; the alternative of using developmental or adaptive skills measures are relatively poor measures of intelligence in autistic children , and have resulted in incorrect claims that a majority of children with autism are mentally retarded .
the american psychological association 's report intelligence : knowns and unknowns states that iq tests as predictors of social achievement are not biased against people of african descent since they predict future performance , such as school achievement , similarly to the way they predict future performance for european descent .
they found that individual differences in intelligence are substantially influenced by genetics and that both genes and environment , in complex interplay , are essential to the development of intellectual competence .
the apa journal that published the statement , american psychologist , subsequently published eleven critical responses in january 1997 , several of them arguing that the report failed to examine adequately the evidence for partly-genetic explanations .
an intelligence quotient , or iq is a number . this number is the score of one of several standardized tests , designed to assess the intelligence of an individual .
a 2005 study stated that `` differential validity in prediction suggests that the wais-r test may contain cultural influences that reduce the validity of the wais-r as a measure of cognitive ability for mexican american students , '' indicating a weaker positive correlation relative to sampled white students .
it could be shown that iq scores have an association with other factors , such as morbidity and mortality , the social status of the parents , and to a big degree , parental iq .
they confirm the predictive validity of iq for adult occupational status , even when variables such as education and family background have been statistically controlled .
the bell curve used has a center value of 100 and a standard deviation of 15 ; other tests may have different standard deviations .
however , iq tests may well be biased when used in other situations .
in response to the controversy surrounding the bell curve , the american psychological association 's board of scientific affairs established a task force in 1995 to write a consensus statement on the state of intelligence research which could be used by all sides as a basis for discussion .
in this paper the representatives of the association regret that iq-related works are frequently written with a view to their political consequences : `` research findings were often assessed not so much on their merits or their scientific standing as on their supposed political implications '' .
iq scores are used in many contexts : as predictors of educational achievement or special needs , by social scientists who study the distribution of iq scores in populations and the relationships between iq score and other variables , and as predictors of job performance and income .
myleene angela klass -lrb- born 6 april , 1978 -rrb- is an english classical pianist , commercial model , television and radio presenter , and former member of the uk pop group hear ` say .
the term `` iq '' comes from the german word intelligenz-quotient . it was coined by the german psychologist william stern in 1912 as a proposed method of scoring .
the term `` iq '' comes from the german word intelligenz-quotient .
other recent studies have questioned the culture-fairness of iq tests when used in south africa .
sodium bismuthate is used in a test for manganese .
sodium bismuthate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is nabio3 .
sandy has starred in many theatrical productions , including the one man show full committed , in which he played 40 characters .
harry lawrence `` little dempsey '' aurie -lrb- february 8 , 1905 in sudbury , ontario â `` december 12 , 1952 in detroit , michigan -rrb- was a canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played 11 seasons in the national hockey league for the detroit cougars , detroit falcons and detroit red wings .
during his campaign , actor ronald reagan made a famous speech called `` time for a choosing '' in support of goldwater .
les bordes-aumont is a commune of the aube dã partement in the north-central part of france .
he also wrote music for many other movies , including citizen kane , cape fear and taxi driver .
bernard herrmann -lrb- june 29 , 1911 -- december 24 , 1975 -rrb- was an american composer famous for writing music for movies .
he also wrote music for radio drama including works for orson welles . he wrote for several fantasy movies by ray harryhausen , and many tv programs .
these works are for a speaker and a full orchestra . these were written to be played over the radio because a human voice would not be able to be heard over the full volume of an orchestra .
the 1935 works were written before june 1935 .
he won the academy award for the movie the devil and daniel webster made in 1941 . herrmann often worked with director alfred hitchcock , including psycho , north by northwest , the man who knew too much , and vertigo .
the palos verdes peninsula unified school district has one of the highest rated api scores in california , and has one of the highest average sat scores and one of the highest percentage of students successfully completing the advanced placement exams in the county .
the black pearl and several production vessels were seen on the waters daily as were helicopters filming for overhead shots .
dsp satellites are used to detect missile and spacecraft launches . dsp is also used to detect nuclear explosions .
the defense support program -lrb- dsp -rrb- is a group of satellites that orbit the earth . they are owned by the united states air force to run the satellite early warning system used by the united states .
digital media is a subsidiary of news corporation .
both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent smell often associated strongly with mothballs .
arthur murphy printed the play in 1762 in works of henry fielding . george saintsbury printed the play in 1893 in works of henry fielding .
the author 's farce was shown with the tragedy of tragedies on 31 march 1731 .
however , a person from the land of bantam stops the play and says that luckless is the prince of bantam .
the last show of the author 's farce as a regular play was on 28 march 1748 . theophilus cibber ran the show .
luckless is told that his landlady is the queen of old brentford and her daughter harriot is a princess .
it was changed again then it was replaced by the play the beggar 's wedding by charles coffey .
damon and phillida was stopped and the play the jealous taylor was added on 13 january 1731 .
he got many of his ideas from the scriblerus club . their members were alexander pope , jonathan swift , john gay , and john arbuthnot .
camphor , an insect repellent , can also be used in mothballs .
the third act is the puppet play and is a play within a play .
mrs novel claims that she and signior opera had a child .
g. h. maynadier printed act one and two in 1903 in works of henry fielding .
the author 's farce was shown from january to march 1731 .
the author 's farce has three acts .
thomas yeates had puppet shows called punch 's oratory , or the pleasures of the town after 1734 .
the play begins with harry luckless wanting a relationship with his landlady 's daughter harriot .
their use when clothing is stored out-of-season led to the colloquial usage of the terms mothballed and put into mothballs to refer to anything which is put into storage or whose operation is suspended .
on 1 august 1730 , the last act of the play was shown for the tottenham court fair .
an advertisement in the daily post on 17 october 1730 said the play had a new prologue .
this is what colley cibber and robert wilks did to fielding . they rejected his play the temple beau .
his plot is like george farquhar 's love and a bottle -lrb- 1698 -rrb- . both talk about a writing and a landlady .
fielding changed the author 's farce . the new play was shown on 21 april 1730 with fielding 's play tom thumb .
the third act is the puppet play .
in the second act , luckless asks for help to finish his puppet play `` the pleasures of the town '' .
the changed the author 's farce was printed again in 1750 until 1966 .
it takes place along the river styx and starts with the goddess of nonsense wanting a husband .
the play is a farce .
older mothballs were made primarily of naphthalene . because naphthalene can catch fire easily , modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead .
the characters marplay and sparkish manage the theater . they offer luckless poor advice on how to write a play .
henry fielding wrote the play the author 's farce and the pleasures of the town . it was first acted on 30 march 1730 in the haymarket theatre .
the end of the author 's farce combines the characters of the puppet play and the main play for humor .
fielding also used literary sources .
fielding 's play also influenced other works . they included the revised dunciad and gay 's the rehearsal at goatham .
when wilks died fielding changed the play . he removed sparkish .
the puppet play is stopped by the characters constable and murdertext . they want to arrest luckless for hurting the goddess of nonsense .
the haymarket theatre let him experiment with his plays and fielding changed the comedy genre .
fielding changed the author 's farce at the end of 1733 . he added a new prologue and epilogue .
the last regular show at the little theatre was 18 june 1731 . it was shown one time on 12 may 1732 .
advertisements were put in the 18 march 1730 daily post and in the 21 march 1730 weekly medley and literary journal .
his character luckless states that for someone to become successful they must write nonsense .
fielding became a popular writer in london after the author 's farce .
fielding fled to london and oson took his property to pay for the debt . mrs moneywood does the same in the play .
he also borrowed from gay 's three hours after marriage -lrb- 1717 -rrb- and the beggar 's opera -lrb- 1728 -rrb- .
one idea is his character nonsense . she is similar to pope 's character dulness in the dunciad .
eduardo alonso nã jera pã rez -lrb- born july 11 , 1976 -rrb- is an mexican basketball player that currently plays for the charlotte bobcats of the nba .
it is used mostly for football games and is the home of santos football club .
archibald roosevelt son of the former us-president theodore roosevelt , wrote in `` the kurdish republic of mahabad '' , that a main problem of the peoples republic of mahabad , was the kurds needed the power of the ussr . only with the red army they had a chance .
tellurite is also a rare mineral . this mineral consists of tellurium dioxide .
arivaldo alves dos santos -lrb- born 19 november 1980 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
from this survey , hallucinations affecting smell or taste seem the most common in the general population .
several studies , one of them done as early as 1894 , have reported that approximately 10 % of the population experience hallucinations .
according to the study , almost 39 % of the people reported hallucinatory experiences . 27 % of the people reported daytime hallucinations , mostly outside the context of illness or drug use .
people who have hallucinations are not necessarily ill , lack of sleep can also cause hallucinations .
hallucinations can affect all of a person 's senses .
people who have hallucinations are not necessarily ill , lack of sleep can also cause hallucinations . hallucinations just before going to sleep or just after waking up are considered normal .
when writing , the symbol for the american dollar is the dollar sign -lrb- $ -rrb- .
sam mcmurray guest stars in the episode as gulliver dark , the man that shows homer to the crowd at the burlesque show .
this episode , along with three other episodes of the show , is featured on the the simpsons gone wild dvd released in 2004 .
in this episode , bart orders a mail-order spy camera , which he uses , without homer knowing , take a photograph of homer dancing with a belly dancer .
-lrb- his background as a giant slalom down hill skier was useful for the film . -rrb-
piano blues is a type of blues music where the piano is the main musical instrument used .
warlus is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
he conquered and governed the island of jamaica for spain .
when he talked to the bbc he said : '' ... if any man tells you he went over the top and he was n't scared , he 's a damn liar . ''
instead , he shot him in the shoulder , which made him drop his rifle .
patch said , `` i had about five seconds to make the decision .
patrick vieira -lrb- born 23 june 1976 -rrb- is a french football player . he plays for manchester city and france national team .
in his last years he lived in a nursing home in wells where he died on 25 july 2009 just seven days after the death of henry allingham , aged 113 , who had been the only other remaining british-resident first world war veteran .
in the same series , he talked about his friends who were killed , and about the moment when he came face to face with a german soldier .
he remembered the bible story about moses coming down from mount sinai with god 's commandment , ` thou shalt not kill ' . he could not bring himself to kill the german .
but the german carried on running towards patch 's gun , so he then shot him above the knee , and in the ankle .
following his legal and philosophical split with pink floyd in 1986 , waters began a solo career , releasing three studio albums , the pros and cons of hitchhiking -lrb- 1984 -rrb- , radio k.a.o.s. -lrb- 1987 -rrb- , and in 1992 , the highly acclaimed amused to death .
in 2005 he released the critically acclaimed opera , ã a ira , which would go on to top the classical charts in america and britain , as well as joining nick mason , richard wright and david gilmour , for an historical performance at the 2 july 2005 live 8 concert in london 's hyde park , pink floyd 's first public performance with roger in 24 years .
george roger waters -lrb- born 6 september 1943 in great bookham , surrey -rrb- is an english rock musician .
he left the service of the hbc in 1762 largely because his efforts for the company , at least in his estimation , had not been properly recognized .
the world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- championship is a professional wrestling world championship in world wrestling entertainment .
for smackdown 's top championship , see world heavyweight championship -lrb- wwe -rrb- .
as a result , raw general manager , eric bischoff , commissioned the world heavyweight championship to be the main title for the raw brand , stating that the undisputed title was disputed for being defended only on one brand .
during this time , the title was called the world wrestling federation -lrb- wwf -rrb- heavyweight championship . it became known as the wwf world heavyweight championship when the promotion left the nwa in 1983 .
a belt with an exceptionally long strap was created for andrã the giant before wrestlemania iii , however he never wore it as champion .
brooks orpik -lrb- born september 26 , 1980 in san fransisco , california -rrb- is an nhl ice hockey defenceman for the pittsburgh penguins .
didier yves drogba tã bily -lrb- born 11 march 1978 in abidjan -rrb- is a cã te d'ivoire professional football player .
aladdin arrives and defeats jafar . jasmine realizes that she loves aladdin and the two decide to marry .
aladdin arrives and defeats jafar .
in the streets , she finds out that aladdin is arrested for stealing . later , jafar takes the control of the city of agrabah , reducing jasmine to the position of a slave .
since the answer had been unsure , there was no more expeditions to alberta .
princess jasmine is a fictional character of in the film aladdin .
carlos alberto parreira -lrb- born 27 february 1943 -rrb- is a brazilian football manager .
ostreville is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
bomy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
pizza pizza is a fast food pizza restaurant with locations throughout ontario , canada .
nikita sergeyevich khrushchyov -lrb- russian : ð ð ð ð ì ñ ð ð ð ñ ð ð ì ð ð ð ñ ð ñ ñ ñ ñ ` ð -rrb- ipa : -lrb- xruë é ë ê of -rrb- , commonly spelled in english as khrushchev -rrb- april 17 , 1894 â `` september 11 , 1971 -rrb- was the leader of the soviet union after the death of joseph stalin .
jacobitism was -lrb- and , to a much smaller extent , is -rrb- the political movement that tried to put the stuart kings back onto the thrones of england , scotland , and kingdom of ireland .
jacobitism began after the deposition of james ii and vii in 1688 . he was replaced by his daughter mary ii jointly with her husband and first cousin william of orange .
the movement took its name from the latin form jacobus of the name of king james ii and vii .
in scotland the jacobite cause became a lasting romantic memory .
the stuarts lived on the european mainland after that , sometimes trying to get back the throne with the help of france or spain .
in england , jacobitism was strongest in the north , and some support was also in wales .
the most important places of jacobitism were ireland and scotland , especially the scottish highlands .
he was picked by the st. louis blues with the 49th overall pick in the 1995 nhl entry draft .
jochen hecht -lrb- born june 21 , 1977 in mannheim , west germany -rrb- is an nhl ice hockey center for the buffalo sabres where he is the currently an alternate captain .
despite their initial success , by the time the last examples were entering service they were already being replaced on some top-link duties by more powerful locomotives .
built by english electric between 1958 and 1962 , and eventually numbering 200 , they were for a time the pride of the british rail early diesel fleet .
as they were slowly relegated from express passenger uses , the type found work on secondary passenger and freight services where they worked for many years , the final locomotives being retired from regular service in 1985 .
henday had gained some experience in inland travel after arriving at york factory .
chã risy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
about the year 1530 the frottola developed into the madrigal .
choline was discovered by andreas strecker in 1864 .
in 1998 choline was classified as an needed nutrient by the food and nutrition board of the institute of medicine -lrb- usa -rrb- .
perch is a type of fish .
perch have `` rough '' scales .
on the front end of the fish , there are two dorsal fins . the first one is spiny and the second is soft .
there is also an anal fin , which is also considered spiny , and a caudal fin .
they have a pair of pectoral and pelvic fins .
on the top side of the fish , there is a mouth , a pair of nostrils , and two lidless eyes .
also perch have a lateral line system , which a set of sense organs that are sensitive to vibrations in the water .
perch are the fish in the genus perca .
the orange-bellied euphonia -lrb- euphonia xanthogaster -rrb- is a species of bird in the fringillidae -lrb- finch -rrb- family .
the project saves more than 30,000 tons a year in greenhouse gas emissions compared to equivalent fossil fuel generation .
led zeppelin iv is the fourth album from the rock band led zeppelin , the real title of the album is , but since it 's impossible to say these symbols , it is normal just to say led zeppelin iv .
some people also say the fourth album , ` zoso ' , symbols or simply call it untitled .
the standard gauge -lrb- also called the stephenson gauge after george stephenson , or normal gauge -rrb- is a popular rail gauge . about 60 % of the world 's current railway lines use this gauge .
the standard gauge -lrb- also called the stephenson gauge after george stephenson , or normal gauge -rrb- is a popular rail gauge .
the bajau locals purportedly used this name to refer to a village on the southern part of the city which was filled with coconut trees .
his explorations were for the hudson 's bay company -lrb- hbc -rrb- who were worried that la vã rendrye and the other western commanders were taking furs from the northwest to their forts .
they gave control of north borneo to the british crown in 1946 .
there are two main bus terminals in the central business area .
a nearby fishing village named api-api -lrb- see original names below -rrb- , was the next settlement of the company .
the most popular , as mentioned above , is api-api , or sometimes simply api , which is a malay word meaning ` fire ' .
the kota kinabalu -lrb- north -rrb- bus terminal in inanam provides intercity buses heading towards destinations north and north-east of the city -lrb- tuaran , kudat , ranau , sandakan , tawau , semporna , and others -rrb- .
one of the major road here is jalan lintas-jalan tuaran bypass , which together serves almost as a ring road , circling the city and connecting the districts and suburbs surrounding the city , namely , putatan , penampang , luyang , likas , inanam , menggatal , sepanggar , and tuaran .
anthony henday drive , a large ring road in edmonton is named in his honor .
it provides ferry and motorboat services to the nearby islands for tourists as well as for commuters living on the islands .
the tunku abdul rahman national park lies on one side and mount kinabalu , which gave the city its name , is nearby .
another terminal near bandaran berjaya provides intercity services towards destinations south of the city -lrb- papar , tenom , beaufort , and others -rrb- .
eventually , jesselton became a major trading post of north borneo , dealing in rubber , rattan , honey , and wax .
he came from the isle of wight , and was a convicted smuggler and joined the hbc in 1750 as a net-maker and labourer .
kota kinabalu ferry terminal is a passenger ferry terminal located at jesselton point near the k.k. port .
there were claims however that it was actually named after a nearby river called sungai api-api .
it is also the capital of the west coast division of sabah .
it is the largest urban center in sabah and the sixth largest in malaysia .
some examples are : lintasan deasoka , api-api centre , jalan singgah mata , and jesselton point .
this trip , and later ones , took henday across much of the prairies of what is now saskatchewan and alberta and his journal shows that he brought a lot of trade to york factory .
jesselton was razed by the retreating british early in world war ii to prevent it from falling into the hands of the japanese .
besides api-api , another suggested historical name was deasoka , which roughly means `` below the coconut tree '' in the bajau language .
the city also elects 9 representatives to the state legislature from the state assembly districts of karambunai , inanam , likas , api-api , luyang , tanjung aru , petagas , kepayan , and moyog .
after the japanese takeover of borneo , it was again renamed api .
it is a name purportedly given by fishermen from pulau gaya referring to the strip of land of what is today kota kinabalu city center .
regular bus services operate around the city .
after the war , the british north borneo company returned to administer jesselton but was unable to finance the huge costs of reconstruction .
today the railway is known as sabah state railway , and it provides daily services for commuters , travellers , as well as for cargo transportation .
today , all these names have been immortalised into names of streets or buildings around the city .
kota kinabalu proper has a population of 579,304 , while the larger urban area has an estimated population of 700,000 .
another name was singgah mata which literally mean `` transit eye '' , but can be loosely translated as meaning `` pleasing to the eye '' .
the terminal along jalan tun razak provides internal bus services towards different part of the city and its outskirts .
there are also regular scheduled ferry services to labuan .
kota kinabalu is named after mount kinabalu , situated about 90 kilometres east-northeast of the city .
kota kinabalu port mainly loose\/bulk cargo , while sbcp operates as a naval base for the royal malaysian navy , oil depot and all containerised cargo .
the internal roads linking different parts of the city are generally state roads constructed and maintained by the state public works department .
another theory suggests that the term is derived from the name aki nabalu meaning the `` revered place of the dead '' , in which , aki means `` ancestors '' or `` grandfather '' , and nabalu being a name for the mountain in the dusun language .
all ports in sabah are managed and operated by sabah ports sdn bhd.
finally there is also a source claiming that the term originated from ki nabalu , where ki meaning `` have '' or `` exist '' , and nabalu meaning `` spirit of the dead '' .
vaccines similar to this are still used today , but other vaccines -lrb- growing the virus using cell cultures -rrb- are more frequent .
rebellions against the japanese military administration have taken place in api .
henceforth , a direct translation of the name kota kinabalu into english would be `` city of kinabalu '' or `` kinabalu city '' .
the vaccine was first developed by louis pasteur and emile roux in 1885 .
on 26 december 2008 , fifa gave the green light to the 12-city plan .
the brazilian football confederation -lrb- cbf -rrb- requested permission to assign 12 cities hosting world cup finals .
a total of seventeen cities showed interest in being chosen as world cup host cities : sã # o paulo , rio de janeiro , belo horizonte , porto alegre , brasã lia , belã m , campo grande , cuiabã , curitiba , florianã polis , fortaleza , goiã cents nia , manaus , natal , recife -lrb- a stadium would be shared by both cities -rrb- , rio branco and salvador .
originally the cbf 's intentions were to have the opening match at estã dio do morumbi in sã # o paulo , the largest city in brazil .
in the end of august 2010 , the cbf announced that the new corinthians stadium will host the matches in sã # o paulo .
the premier of western australia is the leader of the western australian government . he or she is the most powerful politician in the australian state of western australia .
the 2014 fifa world cup will be the 20th fifa world cup being held in brazil .
mitsuaki kojima -lrb- born 14 july 1968 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
a septum -lrb- latin : something that encloses ; plural septa -rrb- is a partition separating two cavities or spaces .
spy kids is the first film of the spy kids series .
the movie stars alexa vega and daryl sabara and was released in united states theaters on march 30 , 2001 and on dvd on september 28 , 2001 .
the name of the game comes from the names of the two main characters , a bear called banjo and an orange bird called kazooie , who lives in banjo 's backpack .
francis poulenc -lrb- 7 january 1899 in paris â `` 30 january 1963 in paris -rrb- was a french composer . he was one of the group of six composers who became known as les six .
notre dame offers 32 master 's degrees and 25 doctoral degrees -lrb- higher degrees earned after greater levels of study -rrb- .
the undergraduate program was ranked 20th among national universities by u.s. news & world report for 2009-2010 .
more than 80 % of the university 's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-gendered residence halls -lrb- buildings where students live -rrb- , each of which has their own minor sports teams .
the university of notre dame -lrb- or simply notre dame -rrb- is a private catholic university in the state of indiana .
all subjective or qualitative judgements and numerical quantities or statistics must be cited to a reliable source -lrb- see -rrb- .
note : when using parameters , avoid the ambiguous abbreviation `` n\/a '' , and instead use `` unknown '' or `` none '' .
the official forecast at this time predicted that delta would strengthen further and become a minimal hurricane , but this did not happen .
the islands of tenerife and la palma were hardest hit , with many uprooted trees and landslides reported there .
tropical storm delta was a late-forming tropical storm which affected the canary islands and morocco as a strong extratropical storm .
in post-storm analysis , the national hurricane center said that delta had probably reached hurricane strength for a very short time during that day ; but the data was not pursading enough to upgrade the storm to hurricane status .
it was also the twenty-sixth tropical or subtropical storm of the 2005 atlantic hurricane season .
the extratropical storm , which maintained winds of near-hurricane strength , came close to about 105 miles -lrb- 165 km -rrb- while north of the islands that night .
as delta sped up to the northeast heading to the canary islands , it strengthened again , reaching a second peak of just below hurricane strength on november 27 .
on november 22 , a non-tropical low pressure system in the central atlantic ocean began to gain some tropical characteristics .
the storm 's circulation became more organized and delta became a tropical storm on november 24 .
originally , the national hurricane center thought that the storm had already gained enough tropical characteristics to be classified as a regular tropical storm , but in post-storm analysis this was changed .
delta was described as a `` normal atmospheric disturbance '' in morocco and no damage was reported there .
in fact , it was welcomed as farmers needed the rain there to finish the sowing of cereal crops .
some of the computer models showed that the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west , which a few days later became hurricane epsilon .
in 2009 gentner joined the germany national football team for a trip to asia and played his first international match against china pr national team on 29 may 2009 .
the strongest gust recorded at la palma was 152 km\/h -lrb- 95 mph -rrb- , and at tenerife the maximum gust was 147 km\/h -lrb- 90 mph -rrb- .
it strengthened further to its maximum strength of 70 mph -lrb- 110 km\/h -rrb- winds later that day , just below hurricane strength .
the rg tanna coal terminal was opened in 1997 and is used to export coking coal to japanese steel mills .
auckland point was where coal began to be exported in 1925 . later , live horses were moved there in the mid 1930s .
boyne wharf is used by the boyne island aluminium smelter and was opened in august 1982 .
barney point was used to export coal from moura .
the south trees part of the port have been used by queensland alumina limited , an aluminum company .
in 1970 , eastman joined the center for the creative and performing arts at suny buffalo , where he met the czech-born composer , conductor , and flute player petr kotik .
no attention was given to his death until an obituary in the village voice by kyle gannon january 22 , 1991 , eight months after he died .
he died alone in millard fillmore hospital in buffalo , new york of heart problems .
sylhet district is a district of bangladesh .
there are some exceptions : when the mother takes drugs or is infected with tuberculosis or aids .
breast milk is the best food for babies .
oleh protasov -lrb- born 4 february 1964 -rrb- is a former ukrainian football player .
franz ferdinand has released three albums , franz ferdinand , you could have it so much better with franz ferdinand , and their most recent release , tonight : franz ferdinand .
the head of opus dei organization is called a prelate , that is why the organization is called a prelature . the prelature of opus dei has priests and also ordinary lay people .
one half of opus dei leaders are women , he said , and these women also lead men . it is also true , he says , that opus dei teaches that women are very good at taking care of their family .
sometimes the wallpaper paste is too strong for water , then special chemicals need to be used to make the paste not sticky . most of the time only new wallpaper has to be taken off with chemicals .
opus dei was started by st. josemaria escriva , a roman catholic priest .
he said that the aim of opus dei is to help christians to know that their ordinary life is a way to become a saint and to bring people close to god . and to those who truly understand this , opus dei gives them classes , talks , and other help so that they can practice this teaching .
muller frequently warned of the long-term dangers of radioactive fallout from nuclear explosions .
hermann joseph muller , generally known as h.j. muller , -lrb- 21 december 1890 â `` 5 april 1967 -rrb- was an american geneticist , educator , and nobel laureate . he was best known for his work on the physiological and genetic effects of radiation , as well as his outspoken political beliefs .
blonville-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
edinho baiano -lrb- born 27 july 1967 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
using this method , the area of spiral banding and difference in temperature between the eye and eyewall is used to estimate the maximum sustained wind and a central pressure .
wider rain bands can form behind cold fronts , which usually have more stratiform , and less convective , precipitation .
in colder cyclones , small bands of heavy snow can occur with a width of 20 m to 50 m. these bands are linked with areas of frontogensis , or zones of strengthening temperature contrast .
downwind of islands , rainbands can form when low level winds meet downwind of the island edges .
the curved air flow from extratropical cyclones bringing cold air across the relatively warm great lakes can lead to narrow lake effect snow bands . these can bring heavy localized snowfalls .
sometimes sea breeze rainbands which are ahead of a cold front , can hide the location of the cold front itself .
spiral rainbands are such a basic part of a tropical cyclone that in most tropical cyclone basins , use of the satellite-based dvorak technique is the main method used to determine a tropical cyclone 's maximum sustained winds .
behind extratropical cyclones , rainbands can form downwind of large , warmer bodies of water such as the great lakes .
it is sold in rolls and are put onto a wall using wallpaper paste .
offshore california , this has been noted in the wake of cold fronts .
when seen on a weather radar , the long narrow shape is called a banded structure .
rainbands that form near and ahead of cold fronts can be squall lines which can produce tornadoes .
in an atmosphere with rich low level moisture and vertical wind shear , narrow , convective rainbands form . these are known as squall lines , and are usually in the cyclone 's warm sector , ahead of strong cold fronts associated with extratropical cyclones .
tropical cyclone rainbands include rain showers and thunderstorms . when this includes an eyewall and the eye , they make a hurricane or tropical storm .
fabrizio ravanelli -lrb- born 11 december 1968 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
a rainband is an area of rainfall where all the clouds and precipitation are stretched out in a long line or band .
when rainbands near frontal zones get close to steep mountains , a low-level barrier jet stream forms parallel to and just before the mountain ridge . this slows down the frontal rainband just before the mountain barrier .
they can cause heavy rains and squalls of wind , as well as tornadoes .
sea breeze front thunderstorm lines can become strong enough to hide the location of an approaching cold front by evening .
rainbands ahead of warm occluded fronts and warm fronts have little upward motion . they tend to be wide and stratiform in nature .
rainbands within tropical cyclones need moisture and a low level pool of cooler air .
rainbands exist on the edges of tropical cyclones , and point towards the cyclone 's center of low pressure .
water makes the wallpaper paste become not sticky , then the wallpaper falls off .
northern mariana islands national football team is the national football team of northern mariana islands .
merlot is a type of red wine and it is the main agricultural production of the swiss canton called ticino .
its lowest is f. the other main sizes are the tenor recorder -lrb- with lowest note c -rrb- and the bass -lrb- with lowest note f -rrb- . instruments larger than the bass are made but are not common .
recorders from this time are called baroque recorders .
recorders from this time are called baroque recorders . they were thinner than renaissance recorders .
shuta sonoda -lrb- born 6 february 1969 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
keres memorial tournaments are held in tallinn every two years .
ko jeong-woon -lrb- born 27 june 1966 -rrb- is a former south korean football player . he has played for korea republic national team .
audacity is a digital audio editor -lrb- a computer program used to change sounds -rrb- and recording program .
audacity is cross-platform and can be used with windows , mac os x , linux and bsd .
ayako valentina hamada villareal -lrb- born february 14 , 1981 in mexico city , mexico -rrb- is a japanese-mexican professional wrestler currently wrestling on the independent circuit .
in 1905 , jones married bernice sheffield , who got tuberculosis and died within ten months of their marriage .
bob jones , sr -lrb- october 30 , 1883 â '' january 16 , 1968 -rrb- was an american , christian , fundamentalist , evangelist , broadcaster , and founder of bob jones university .
the confederation of african football often referred to as just caf , is the organization that controls african football .
he also serves as an analyst on nfl networkâ s signature show nfl total access and has provided on location analysis for the networkâ s coverage of the nfl scouting combine and nfl draft .
he was used as a studio analyst by abc sports and then after being fired by the ravens , he became a draft analyst for the nfl network during the 2008 nfl draft .
clodoaldo -lrb- born 26 september , 1949 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
by the time mario arrives , however , bowser has taken control of the castle and has kidnapped peach and stolen the power of the castle . mario must save the princess and the kingdom before it 's too late .
the story begins when peach invites mario to her castle to give him a special cake that she has made for him .
super mario 64 is a video game created by nintendo for the nintendo 64 .
the persian is a cat from persia -lrb- now iran -rrb- .
he was the first to define the term milieu interieur ; this is homeostasis , a term coined by walter b. cannon .
most nosebleeds happen in the front of the nose , and these are called anterior nosebleeds . sometimes , people get nosebleeds in the back of their noses , called posterior nosebleeds .
portable application creators allow the creation of portable applications -lrb- also called : portable apps -rrb- .
until recently the town 's name was cordes , a word thought to come from the indo-european root `` corte '' meaning `` rocky heights . ''
cordes-sur-ciel is a commune of the tarn dã partement , in france .
gonzalo javier rodrã guez -lrb- born 10 april 1984 -rrb- is an argentinae football player . he plays for villarreal .
before the 19th century , the term ` nordic ' or ` northern ' was commonly used to mean northern europe in a sense that included the nordic countries , european russia , the baltic countries -lrb- at that time livonia and courland -rrb- and greenland .
in medieval times , the term -lrb- ultima -rrb- thule was used to mean a semi-mythical place in the extreme northern reaches of the continent .
the ensue little rock crisis , in which the students were initially stopped from entering the racially segregated school by arkansas governor orval faubus , and then attended after the intervention of president eisenhower , is thought to be one of the most important events in the african-american civil rights movement .
nicollette sheridan -lrb- born colette sheridan on november 21 , 1963 -rrb- is a golden globe nominated british actress , primarily on soap operas , movies and television .
the law of conservation of mass means that the atoms of an object can not be created or destroyed , but can be moved around and be changed into different particles . this law says that when a chemical reaction makes two different atoms into a new product , the mass of the reactants -lrb- chemicals before the chemical reaction -rrb- is the same as the mass of the products -lrb- the new compound , product made -rrb- .
les autels-saint-bazile is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
the libretto was written by lorenzo da ponte .
it was released on may 13 , 2003 .
on april 15 , 2008 , he was recalled from the hamilton bulldogs of the american hockey league .
he played two games in the nhl with the montreal canadiens during the 2009-10 nhl season .
he finally made his nhl debut on february 6 , 2010 against the pittsbugh penguins in a 5-3 victory .
brock trotter -lrb- born january 16 , 1987 -rrb- is a canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the dinamo riga of the kontinental hockey league .
he was expected to play his first nhl game on april 19 , 2008 , against the boston bruins but was a late scratch .
the book had an important influence on the development of optics and on science in general with its introduction of the experimental scientific method .
princess zelda is a character in the the legend of zelda video games .
tetra is a female pirate in the legend of zelda : the wind waker and the legend of zelda : phantom hourglass .
it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendã e department in the west of france .
the 1960 atlantic hurricane season began june 1 , 1960 and ended november 30 , 1960 .
the name `` donna '' was retired .
nellis air force base -lrb- nellis afb -rrb- is a united states air force military base .
fiordiligi , who is now upset , decides to go to the army and find her lover .
aire-sur-la-lys is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
how fast the cracking process is and how long it takes for the end products to form are very dependent on the temperature and any existing catalysts .
cracking is used in petroleum to form `` light '' products such as lpg and gasoline .
cracking , also referred to as pyrolysis , is the breakdown of a large alkane into smaller , more useful alkanes and an alkene .
in chemistry terms , cracking is a process by which complicated organic molecules -lrb- such as kerogens or heavy hydrocarbons -rrb- are broken down into simpler molecules -lrb- e.g. light hydrocarbons -rrb- by breaking their carbon-carbon bonds .
zug is a small town at the northeastern corner of lake zug .
as a seasonal river it carrys the collected water after the rains in the catchment area .
it seems that a doctor arrives , but it is despina in disguise who draws out the poison with a magnet .
the nba development league , or d-league , is the national basketball association 's officially sponsored and operated developmental basketball organization .
other positions , more usual in professional basketball teams , are used in basketball .
after rejecting other ideas , he wrote the basic rules and nailed a peach basket onto a 10-foot tall pole .
the peach baskets were used until 1906 when they were finally replaced by metal hoops with backboards .
unlike modern basketball hoops , the bottom of the basket was still there , so after a point was scored , somebody had to get the ball out of the basket . over time , people made a hole at the bottom of the basket so the ball could go through more easily .
kumar ram narain karthikeyan is a racing driver . he was born on 14 january 1977 in coimbatore , india .
despina is now disguised as a notary . she gets everyone to sign the marriage contract .
the jordan team was taken over and renamed midland for the 2006 season . karthikeyan left the new team .
he is also related to the late s. karivardhan . karivardhan was india 's most famous racing driver before karthikeyan .
his season also included two pole positions , three fastest laps and two lap records .
karthikeyan received another formula one test drive with the minardi team .
karthikeyan was offered a test drive in the jordan-honda
he earned his first points in the united states grand prix . in that race , most of the teams pulled over an issue of tyre safety .
his father was a former indian national rally champion .
he was offered a race drive for the 2004 season . karthikeyan was unable to raise the sponsorship funds needed to complete the deal .
on 6 january 2011 , karthikeyan announced that he will drive for the hispania team in the season , karthikeyan confirmed the deal via his twitter page .
he is the first formula one driver from india . he made his formula one debut in with the jordan team .
he said it would `` be a dream come true to race in front of the home crowd in the indian gp in october . '' he adding that the support of financial backers tata group had been `` instrumental . ''
karthikeyan made his nascar debut at martinsville speedway on 27 march 2010 in the kroger 250 camping world truck series . he drove for wyler racing in the # 60 safe auto insurance company chevrolet silverado .
during 2004 , he married pavarna .
joan verdã -lrb- born 5 may 1983 -rrb- is a spanish football player . he plays for espanyol barcelona .
this is because it was the home of several goalkeepers . the most known of them is taffarel , who played in the brazilian soccer team in the 1994 fifa world cup , in italy .
the investiture controversy , also known as the lay investiture controversy , was the most important conflict between secular and religious powers in medieval europe .
yulia tymoshenko and yushchenko where once strong allies -lrb- during the orange revolution -rrb- , today there is a lot of political misunderstanding between tymoshenko and yushchenko .
the song was inspired by ray kurzweil 's book , the age of spiritual machines nad was written as more of a retort to kurzweil 's predictions which raine noticed did n't involve the human spirit as a factor .
only eight tropical storms formed , and four hurricanes .
activity in the central pacific was zero , as no storms formed there nor moved in from the east .
satpara lake is an important lake in skardu valley which supplies water for the town of skardu , which is located at 2,636 meters -lrb- 8,650 ft -rrb- .
the few women who still practice the arts of the oiran today -lrb- without the sexual aspect -rrb- do so to keep the cultural heritage , and not as a profession or occupation .
when the geisha appeared , the era of the oiran ended .
lotte giants is a professional baseball team established in 1982 . as we can see the name , the company lotte supports this team and lotte giants are based on the cities busan , changwon korea .
they are one of the original franchises of the korea baseball organization league .
they have sajik baseball stadium and masan baseball stadium -lrb- changwon baseball stadium now -rrb- .
robert prosineä ki -lrb- born 12 january 1969 -rrb- is a former croatian football player .
berkeley was born at his family home , dysart castle , near thomastown , county kilkenny , ireland .
george berkeley -lrb- 12 march 1685 â `` 14 january 1753 -rrb- , also known as bishop berkeley , was a philosopher . his main philosophical achievement was the advancement of a theory he called `` immaterialism '' -lrb- later referred to as `` subjective idealism '' by others -rrb- .
the base is named for william harrell nellis , a las vegas resident and p-47 pilot who died in action during the battle of the bulge in world war ii .
alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become very angry .
uruguay is a country in south america .
the pcc car has proved to be a long lasting icon of streetcar design , and pcc cars are still in service in various places around the world .
the pcc -lrb- presidents ' conference committee -rrb- streetcar -lrb- tram -rrb- design was first built in the united states in the 1930s .
troll 2 is a 1990 horror film , directed by claudio fragasso , under the pseudonym drake floyd .
during production , the film was known as goblins , and some foreign releases of the movie were labeled as such , but upon release in the united states , the title was changed to troll 2 in an attempt to help sell the film by connecting it to an established horror movie , the 1986 empire pictures film troll .
guglielmo is very unhappy while ferrando reminds guglielmo about how he had been boasting a short while ago about his girlâ s faithfulness .
these books include winning the oil endgame , small is profitable , factor four , and natural capitalism .
he has promoted energy efficiency , the use of renewable energy sources , and the generation of energy at or near the site where the energy is actually used .
lovins worked professionally as an environmentalist in the 1970s and since then as an analyst of a `` soft energy path '' for the united states and other nations .
lovins has also advocated a `` negawatt revolution '' arguing that utility customers donâ t want kilowatt-hours of electricity ; they want energy services .
in the 1990s , his work with rocky mountain institute included the design of an ultra-efficient automobile , the hypercar .
for four decades he has worked in energy policy and related areas .
he has provided expert testimony in eight countries , briefed 19 heads of state , and published 29 books .
the strongest winds were on santa maria island , where there was a gust of 59 mph -lrb- 94 km\/h -rrb- .
ponta delgada also saw 52 mph -lrb- 85 km\/h -rrb- wind gusts .
it passed over the azores , and it stopped being a subtropical cyclone on october 5 .
the 2005 azores subtropical storm was a type of tropical cyclone in the 2005 atlantic hurricane season .
william a. `` billy '' cundiff -lrb- born march 30 , 1980 in phoenix , arizona -rrb- is an american football placekicker for the baltimore ravens of the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
cundiff played college football at drake university and was also part of the drake beulldog 's men 's basketball team .
aedermannsdorf is a municipality of the district of district thal in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
john dalton -lrb- 5 september 1766 â `` 27 july 1844 -rrb- was a british chemist and physicist .
she gives him a medallion -lrb- with ferrando 's portrait inside -rrb- in exchange for a heart-shaped locket .
the key is also very popular in heavy metal music , because the lowest note on a guitar , e , can be used a lot .
prescott ennis burgess -lrb- born march 6 , 1984 in warrer , ohio -rrb- is an american football linebacker for the baltimore ravens of the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
the other house is the senate . in the senate , each state is represented equally , by two senators .
saint-nicolas , pas-de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
now alone , guglielmo tries to woo dorabella .
federico peã a married cindy velasquez on september 2 , 2006 .
although he was going to leave clinton 's cabinet after clinton 's first term , peã a also served as secretary of energy for one year , from 1997 to 1998 .
when peã a left the clinton administration , he returned to denver and joined investment firm vestar capital partners in august 1998 , as senior advisor .
the move was important in that peã a did not support sen. hillary clinton , the wife of the president under whom he served .
peã a advised arkansas governor bill clinton on transportation issues during clinton 's successful 1992 presidential campaign , and clinton chose peã a to head the united states department of transportation .
in 1995 the justice department began a preliminary investigation into a california transit agency 's awarding of a pension management contract to peã a 's former investment management firm .
peã a is the father of three children : nelia , cristina , and ryan peã a. the divorce of federico peã a and his first wife , ellen hart peã a , became final on september 10 , 2001 .
as mayor of denver , peã a led the effort to build the airport .
a video for the song was released and received a lotof airplay on the music television channel , mtv2 . the video was directed by kinga burza and it featured nash playing different instruments at the same time that her friend `` caroline '' sits in her room playing music , taking photographs , trying on different clothes , listening to david bowie , putting on makeup and sitting at her computer checking a website .
nash 's dã but single was a double-a side single -lrb- recorded in iceland -rrb- , was released through independent record label moshi moshi records in february 2007 .
in june 2007 nash performed at many summer music festvals , for example , o2 wireless festival , the bestival , electric gardens , glastonbury festival and the latitude festival , she also played at the reading and leeds festivals , oxegen and t in the park , as well as other festivals .
because the single was so popular , 1000 additional copies of the single were made and sold out extremely fast .
following the fast , and unpredicted , success of `` foundations '' , fiction records announced plans to release nash 's album earlier than expected , to 6 august , 2007 .
only 1000 copies were released , and it was on available on 7 '' vinyl .
manicures can be done at home or by a professional in a nail salon . during a manicure , the nail is filed with a nail file ; the free edge of the nail is cut , the cuticle is treated , the person 's hand is massaged and nail polish is put on .
cixi , the dowager empress of china , had very long naturally-grown nails .
the word mehendi , another word for henna , derives from the sanskrit mehandika .
the three most important fossil fuels are coal , oil , and natural gas .
fossil fuels are fuels that are made from fossils .
the units were built to power the 4-tc trailer units on services on the south western main line .
this was later changed to class 430 , under which they spent the majority of their working lives .
the opera is often called cosã for short in the english-speaking world . it is one of the three mozart operas for which da ponte wrote the libretto -lrb- the words -rrb- .
the theogony -lrb- greek : î î î î î î 1\/2 î î , theogonã a , the birth of the gods -rrb- is a poem by hesiod .
it was written in the 8th or 7th century bc , and uses the same dialect of ancient greek than homer . this dialect is known as epic dialect today .
masakatsu miyamoto -lrb- born 4 july 1938 - died 7 may 2002 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
nellis air force base -lrb- nellis afb -rrb- is a united states air force military base . it is located in the north part of las vegas , nevada .
ferrando is less successful with fiordiligi , so he is angry when he later finds out from guglielmo that the medallion with his portrait has been so quickly given away to a new lover .
the capital city of the district is faido .
students have a choice of which qualifications they want to do - ncea -lrb- national certificate of educational achievement -rrb- , and cie -lrb- cambridge international examinations -rrb- .
paratroopers are soldiers trained in parachuting and generally operate as part of an airborne force .
suguru hashimoto -lrb- born 16 june 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for gifu .
alfonso tells the sisters that ferrando and guglielmo are on their way to the house .
berg saw bã 1\/4 chner 's play woyzeck in 1914 .
when the blood-red moon appears again , he walks into the pond to try to wash the blood of his body , but he drowns .
wozzeck becomes determined that if he can not have marie , no one else can , and he stabs her .
then wozzeck comes and tells marie of the terrible visions he has had .
scene 5 -lrb- rondo -rrb- : in the barracks at night , wozzeck can not sleep . he is keeping andres awake .
intermezzo -lrb- invention on a key -lrb- d minor -rrb- -rrb- : this interlude leads to the finale .
the captain and the doctor , passing by , hear wozzeck moaning and rush off in fright .
scene 2 -lrb- rhapsody and hunting song -rrb- : wozzeck and his friend andres are cutting sticks as the sun is setting .
she says : `` better a knife in my belly than your hands on me '' . this gives wozzeck an idea for revenge .
diablo is a fantasy role playing computer game .
wozzeck enters , and when he sees margret , he dances with her and pulls her onto his lap .
scene 1 -lrb- invention on a theme -rrb- : in her room at night , marie reads to herself from the bible .
wozzeck thinks that the knife he killed marie with will prove that he is the murderer . he throws the knife into the pond .
scene 1 -lrb- sonata-allegro -rrb- : marie is telling her child to go to sleep while admiring earrings which the drum-major gave her .
she sings , but then notices blood on his hand and elbow ; everyone begins to shout at him , and wozzeck rushes out .
wozzeck is furious . he is about to hit her when she stops him , saying even her father never dared to hit her .
berg knew at once that he wanted to make the play into an opera . bã 1\/4 chner , who had died in 1837 at the age of 23 , had left the play unfinished .
it is responsible for administering programs of veteransâ benefits for veterans , their families , and survivors .
a sequel of the game , diablo ii , was made .
the united states department of veterans affairs -lrb- va -rrb- is a government-run military veteran benefit system with cabinet-level status .
the benefits provided include disability compensation , pension , education , home loans , life insurance , vocational rehabilitation , survivorsâ benefits , medical benefits and burial benefits .
in 1898 escoffier and ritz opened the hã tel ritz in paris .
he died at the age of 88 in monte carlo a few days after his wife .
in 1903 escoffier published his first major book , le guide culinaire .
ooo processors fill these `` slots '' in time with other instructions that are ready , then re-order the results at the end to make it appear that the instructions were processed as normal .
on modern machines , the processor runs many times faster than the memory , so during the time an in-order processor spends waiting for data to arrive , it could have processed a large number of instructions .
the way the instructions are ordered in the original computer code is known as program order , in the processor they are handled in data order -lrb- the order in which the data , operands , become available in the processor 's registers -rrb- .
the benefit of ooo processing grows as the instruction pipeline expands and the speed difference between main memory -lrb- or cache memory -rrb- and the processor increases .
the wright brothers , orville wright -lrb- august 19 , 1871 - january 30 , 1948 -rrb- and wilbur wright -lrb- april 16 , 1867 - may 30 , 1912 -rrb- , are credited for making the first controlled , powered , heavier-than-air flight on december 17 , 1903 .
kipling was born in india and spent the first 6 years of his childhood there .
the jungle book , because of its moral tone , came to be used as a motivational book by the cub scouts , a junior element of the scouting movement .
charles ix of france -lrb- june 27 , 1550 â `` may 30 , 1574 -rrb- was a king of france and a member of the house of valois .
the book 's text has often been abridged or adapted for younger readers , and there have also been several comic book adaptations .
the most famous of the other stories are probably `` rikki-tikki-tavi '' , the story of a heroic mongoose , and `` toomai of the elephants '' , the tale of a young elephant-handler .
akela , the head wolf in the jungle book , has become a senior figure in the movement , the name being traditionally adopted by the leader of each cub scout pack .
moyet 's pop career began in 1981 when she formed the electropop group yazoo with former depeche mode member vince clarke .
other readers have interpreted the work as allegories of the politics and society of the time .
this use of the book 's universe was approved by kipling after a direct petition of robert baden-powell , founder of the scouting movement , who had originally asked for the author 's permission for the use of the memory game from kim in his scheme to develop the morale and fitness of working-class youths in cities .
the spelling `` suharto '' has been official in indonesia since 1947 but the older spelling soeharto is still frequently used .
she left school age 16 and trained as a piano tuner .
antlers is a city of oklahoma in the united states . it is the county seat of pushmataha county .
when he is called `` lay vicar '' the term `` vicar '' comes from the latin word `` vice '' -lrb- meaning `` deputy '' -rrb- .
today there are a few female lay clerks , e.g. in dublin .
a lay clerk , also known as a lay vicar , is a term used in the united kingdom to describe a male singer who sings in a cathedral choir or a choir belonging to a college of one of the large traditional universities . a lay clerk is usually paid for the job .
if you continue , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
please stop adding unreferenced controversial biographical content to articles or any other wikipedia page .
content of this nature could be regarded as defamatory and is in violation of wikipedia policy .
the period of mourning ended when emily gave a party at the white house on 1st january 1830 .
rachel donelson jackson later on married andrew jackson , the president .
her first months at the white house marked the mourning for the death of rachel donelson jackson .
eilat is a city in the most southern part of israel . 65,000 people live in eilat -lrb- as of 2007 -rrb- .
eilat is at the southern end of the negev desert and the northern end of the gulf of aqaba on the red sea .
the playstation portable version of this game is called disgaea : afternoon of darkness .
raith rovers f.c. is a football club which plays in scotland .
then , by orders of mcmahon , triple h was to `` break michaels ' skull '' , with a sledgehammer .
edge , who tried to leave through the ecw crowd , was attacked by cena , because he caused cena to lose the wwe championship at ecw 's one night stand , and cena wanted revenge against edge .
then , michaels joined triple h in the ring as they began to beat down the four members of the spirit squad .
the main event was a 5-on-2 handicap match , a match consisting of one team of wrestlers facing off against a team of wrestlers with more people such as three against two , or five against two , between d-generation x -lrb- dx -rrb- -lrb- triple h and shawn michaels -rrb- versus the spirit squad -lrb- kenny , johnny , mitch , nicky , and mikey -rrb- .
eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event 's card .
following the attack , heyman announced that all ecw superstarts would be at raw the next week .
following the attack , cena went to ringside where he knocked ecw representative paul heyman unconscious , after heyman awarded the win to van dam at one night stand .
for weeks on raw , michaels got revenge on both vince mcmahon and the spirit squad , until the may 22 episode of raw , where the spirit squad were scripted to injure michaels ' left knee .
the event had eight professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers involved in scripted feuds , plots and storylines .
all wrestlers belonged to the raw brand â `` a storyline division in which wwe assigned its employees to a different program , the other two being smackdown !
the event starred wrestlers from the raw brand : a storyline expansion of the promotion where employees are assigned to a wrestling brand under the wwe banner .
this lead to michaels and triple h reforming d-generation x for the first time since their teased reunion in 2002 .
on the june 19 episode of raw , van dam attacked edge , moments after edge won a match against ric flair .
edge ended his speech by giving van dam some kind words and then attacking him .
vengeance -lrb- 2006 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which happened on june 25 , 2006 at the charlotte bobcats arena in charlotte , north carolina .
wrestlers played either villains or heros as they followed a series of events , which lead to a wrestling match or series of matches .
alison moyet -lrb- born genevieve alison jane moyet on 18 june 1961 -rrb- , is an english pop singer-songwriter noted for her bluesy voice .
in the match , kenny grabbed a steel chair and put it on triple h 's left knee , similar to what the group did to michaels .
when the event was released on dvd , it reached the number one position on billboard 's dvd sales chart .
the next week on raw , heyman appeared alongside ecw superstar , balls mahoney , who was booked to wrestle cena in a match .
two weeks later , mcmahon put triple h in a gauntlet match , against the spirit squad .
on the june 19 episode of raw , dx marked their return , when the duo humiliated the spirit squad as dx dumped green slime onto the group and embarrassed the team afterward , by beating them .
the story for the match began after backlash , raw 's previous pay-per-view event , where the mcmahons -lrb- vince and shane -rrb- defeated michaels and `` god '' in a tag team match , with help from the spirit squad in a no disqualification match , a match where neither wrestler can be disqualified , allowing for weapons and outside interference .
sabu beat up cena and performed a leg drop on him , diving onto cena and putting him through the raw announcers ' table .
triple h and michaels won the match after pinning kenny and mikey , respectively .
yazoo had several hits , including `` only you '' , `` do n't go '' , `` situation '' and `` nobody 's diary '' , and recorded two albums , ` upstairs at eric 's ' and ` you and me both ' .
that same night , mcmahon scheduled the spirit squad and d-generation x in a 5-on-2 handicap tag team match .
triple h failed to do what mcmahon ordered and instead attacked the spirit squad , thus turning into a hero .
the reddish hermit is 7.5 cm in length , which makes it one of the smallest hermits .
the star of venus , called î ï ï ï ï ï î ï in greek and lucifer in latin when it precedes , hesperos when it follows the sun .
lucifer is latin .
rape is having sexual intercourse with a person who does not want to , or can not consent .
they may think about the rape a lot , even when they do not want to . they may have nightmares about the rape .
the function of the parietal eye is unknown , but it may be useful in absorbing ultraviolet rays to manufacture vitamin d. it may also do other things .
after four to six months this becomes covered with opaque scales and pigment .
vincly is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
they were extinct on the mainland , with the remaining populations confined to 32 offshore islands , until the first mainland release into the heavily fenced and monitored karori wildlife sanctuary in 2005 .
the parietal eye , as it is called , is only visible in hatchlings . they have a translucent patch at the top center of the skull .
tuatara are also unusual because they have a third ` eye ' .
the parietal eye is part of the pineal system . the animal 's pineal gland secretes melatonin at night .
of all living tetrapods , the parietal eye is most obvious in this animal .
some salamanders use their pineal body to perceive polarised light , which helps navigation .
they have two rows of teeth in the upper jaw overlap one row on the lower jaw . this is unique among living species .
neufchã cents tel-hardelot is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the list of all his compositions has 450 opus numbers .
edwards finds inspiration for his compositions in the english countryside , especially that of norfolk he also enjoys driving and photographing busses and coaches .
paul christison edwards -lrb- born -rrb- is an english organist and composer of music for the anglican church .
his music has been recorded on several cds .
his carol no small wonder , written in 1983 was published in carols for today in 1986 and was recorded on lp by canterbury cathedral choir . it was sung at the famous nine lessons and carols service broadcast on the bbc television by the choir of king 's college , cambridge in 2000 .
many of these works have been published in collections including hymns for todayâ s church , psalms for today and carols for today .
marsimik la is four km west of the sharp 6000 to 6500 meter ridge line forming the line of actual control .
the eiffel tower was built by gustave eiffel for the 100th year of the french freedom . at first , the eiffel tower was to be made in barcelona , spain , but the people of barcelona did not want it .
for example , the word ` joint ' :
still , the overlap of the two vocabularies is 91.3 % .
special : joint - ad .
specialized english was designed by the civil society , and the developers try to make programs for several purposes .
it has an anime called makai senki disgaea .
all three are christian , but specialized english is not used for religious preaching programs .
for example , special english uses words a us government news service might need , such as congress , federal , administration , capitalism and : wikt : recession .
the reason that specialized was based on special english is related to their respective usage .
its main use is in the features service program ` spotlight ' , which is widely broadcast on over sixty outlets globally .
both use a 1500 word core vocabulary , short sentences , and slow delivery -lrb- about 90 words per minute -rrb- .
they are not primarily teaching tools -lrb- even though they are popular as an aid to learning -rrb- but communication tools .
specialized replaces some of these words with words used for religious subjects , such as blessing , prayer , miracle , and faith .
an evil alien monster called tatanga comes to a kingdom called sarasa land and kidnaps princess daisy .
specialized : joint - ad .
lantenay is a commune .
in 1871 , the park was bought by leeds city council for use by the public .
the dam at the south end was once a waterfall .
ronse is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
xenon gas is used in electron tubes , bactericidal lamps , stobe lamps , and lamps used to excite ruby lasers .
xenon is a non-metal chemical element .
it is not known why xenon changed its behavior like that .
however , chemists have found that xenon can react with fluorine under special conditions since 1962 . it is not known why xenon changed its behavior like that .
xenon is a noble gas .
chef salad is thought to be invented by chef victor seydoux at the hotel buffalo in buffalo , new york .
chef salad -lrb- sometimes called chef 's salad -rrb- is a type of salad . it usually includes a bed of leaf vegetables or lettuce , which can be served with hard boiled eggs , strips of meat -lrb- such as ham , roast beef , or turkey -rrb- , cheese , cucumbers , croutons , and tomatoes .
mario comes to save her and has to go through four worlds and defeat tatanga 's four minions and rescue daisy from tatanga .
with sms , someone can send text to another person .
an sms , or short messaging service is a type of communication used in mobile phones . they are more commonly called ` text messages ' .
the los angeles lakers also play their home games in the staples center .
the los angeles clippers are a team in the national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- .
the other chromosome is the y chromosome .
the x chromosome is one of the two sex chromosomes which decide if a person is a boy or a girl . the other chromosome is the y chromosome .
the x chromosome is one of the two sex chromosomes which decide if a person is a boy or a girl .
females have two x chromosomes , males have one x and one y. an egg always carries a single x , while sperms carry either an x or a y. that is how sex is determined in humans .
wolfgang married twice . his first wife was ellen drexel .
eva and katharina now run the festival .
bubble gum was invented in 1928 by mr. walter diemer when he was doing something else .
that is why most bubble gum is pink .
there are several news channels on cable television that give news all day long , such as fox news and cnn .
a person who does a burglary is a burglar .
there were 60,000 people found inside , and 13,000 more people were lying on the ground , unburied .
tlaloc would require weeping boys in the first months of the aztec calendar to be ritually murdered .
the camp was liberated -lrb- freed -rrb- on april 15 , 1945 .
the only surviving parazoans are the sponges , which belong to the phylum porifera . some include placozoa , a phylum that consists of only one species , trichoplax adhaerens , in the division , but they are also sometimes placed in the subkingdom agnotozoa .
parazoans differ from their choanoflagellate ancestors in that they are macroscopic and have differentiated cells , but unlike `` true animals '' -lrb- eumetazoa -rrb- , they do not have tissues .
some include placozoa , a phylum that consists of only one species , trichoplax adhaerens , in the division , but they are also sometimes placed in the subkingdom agnotozoa .
cytomegalovirus -lrb- from the greek cyto - , `` cell '' , and - megalo - , `` large '' -rrb- is a viral genus of the herpesviruses group in humans it is commonly known as hcmv or human herpesvirus 5 -lrb- hhv-5 -rrb- .
all herpesviruses share a characteristic ability to remain latent within the body over long periods .
cmv belongs to the betaherpesvirinae subfamily of herpesviridae , which also includes roseolovirus .
human sacrifices would prevent the end of the world that could happen on each cycle of 52 years .
other herpesviruses fall into the subfamilies of alphaherpesvirinae -lrb- including hsv 1 and 2 and varicella -rrb- or gammaherpesvirinae -lrb- including epstein-barr virus -rrb- .
sergeant bluff is a city of iowa in the united states .
aberdeen has two universities , the university of aberdeen which was founded on 10 february 1495 by bishop william elphinstone and robert gordon university which was founded in 1910 but has a history dating back to the 1800 's .
aberdeen has its own football team , aberdeen f.c. .
each year in august , aberdeen hosts the aberdeen international youth festival .
takuya nozawa -lrb- born 12 august 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for kashima antlers .
the name of the city has also been spelled different over periods of time : chaouinigane , oshaouinigane , assaouinigane , achawã nã gan , chawinigame , shawenigane , chaouã nigane and could either mean `` portage '' , `` portage of beeches '' , `` angular portage '' or `` summit '' or `` crest '' .
james was tutored at the family home ` broomhill ' , pendlebury , near salford , until 1834 when he was sent , with his elder brother benjamin , to study with john dalton at the manchester literary and philosophical society .
the son of benjamin joule -lrb- 1784 â `` 1858 -rrb- , a wealthy brewer , james prescott joule was born in the house next to the joule brewery in new bailey street , salford on 24 december 1818 .
they only received two years of education in arithmetic and geometry before dalton was forced to retire because of a stroke .
he had also been one of the few people receptive to the work of john herapath on the kinetic theory of gases .
joule was a pupil of dalton and it is no surprise that he had learned a firm belief in the atomic theory , even though there were many scientists of his time who were still skeptical .
james prescott joule -lrb- 24 december 1818 â `` 11 october 1889 -rrb- was an english physicist , born in salford , near manchester .
his books include : a glossary of terms used in parapsychology -lrb- 2003 -rrb- , the common thread between esp and pk -lrb- 2004 -rrb- , and parapsychology in the twenty-first century : essays on the future of psychical research -lrb- 2005 -rrb- .
berre-les-alpes is a commune .
in the 1487 re-consecration of the great pyramid of tenochtitlan many prisoners were sacrificed .
a geiger counter -lrb- sometimes called geiger-m ã 1\/4 ller counter -rrb- is an instrument that measures radiation in an area .
geiger counters can detect the presence of radiation . some can also detect the intensity of it , and the angle from which it comes .
it was improved by walther mã 1\/4 ller in 1928 .
in 1177 , pistoia chose to become a free commune . in the following years , it became an important political center .
fleurbaix is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the aztecs were particularly noted for practicing human sacrifice on a large scale ; an offering to huitzilopochtli would be made to restore the blood he lost , as the sun was engaged in a daily battle .
pistoia stayed a florentine city except for few years in the 14th century , when castruccio castracani captured it for lucca . it was annexed to -lrb- made a part of -rrb- florence in 1530 .
seven network 's studio headquarters are in a converted warehouse at jones bay wharf in pyrmont , sydney .
seven network 's main shareholder is kerry stokes .
gamma rays are like x-rays .
both gamma rays and x-rays are photons with very high energies .
gamma rays and x-rays are now usually distinguished by their origin : x-rays are emitted by electrons outside the nucleus , while gamma rays are emitted by the nucleus .
gamma rays are also a type of radiation .
they were discovered in 1900 by paul villard , and named in 1903 by ernest rutherford .
gamma rays can also go through the skin to kill cells , such as cancerous cells . doctors can use machines which produce gamma rays in hospitals to treat people with some types of cancer .
it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendã e department in the west of france .
a film based on judge dredd was made in 1995 , starring sylvester stallone .
judge dredd is a comic book character that first appeared in 2000 ad comics in 1977 .
while the first movie dealt with kenai 's relationship with koda , this one focuses more on his bond with a young human , nita .
brother bear 2 is a 2006 disney animated movie , released direct-to-video on august 29 , 2006 , and the sequel to disney 's animated feature movie brother bear .
in the movie , the adventures of bear brothers kenai and koda continue .
melissa etheridge contributed wrote the movie 's three songs .
before the founding of the diocese of truro in 1876 the whole of cornwall was also part of the diocese of exeter .
this nickel is not pure .
only about 75 % of it is nickel .
nickel is used in metal alloys .
nickel can be made purer . it can react with carbon monoxide to make nickel carbonyl , a gas when warm .
nickel -lrb- ii -rrb- oxide is normally dark green , but sometimes it is gray . this is because some of the nickel is in the +3 oxidation state -lrb- nickel -lrb- iii -rrb- .
the only aircraft that could quickly deliver the medicine was taken out of winter storage , but its engine was frozen and would not start ; after considering alternatives , officials decided to move the medicine by sled dog .
the nickel carbonyl is blown into nickel pellets , where it coats the pellets with pure nickel and puts out carbon monoxide .
according to professor lars dencik , from the university of roskilde , the danish state used the opportunity of this evacuation to test its anti-terrorist security forces -lrb- as any other opportunity , or real danger , was non-existent -rrb- .
ever since the eviction in march 2007 , former users and supporters have held weekly demonstrations for a new ungdomshuset , the demonstrations starting from nearby square ` blã gã rds plads ' every thursday at 5 p.m. and going to various places in copenhagen . the starting point has recently been changed to gammel torv in response to the demonstraters saying they are getting closer to the politicians concerning a solution for a new ungdomshus at an old school .
the gas , known as ferret 40 , was used against crowds during the riots following the demolition , although it is designed to penetrate doors and walls .
since labor organizations were unpopular in the eyes of the authorities .
in 1918 when workers stormed the danish stock exchange -lrb- bã rsen -rrb- .
the house functioned as one of the resorts for the then-incipient labor movement of copenhagen .
roberto de assis moreira -lrb- born 10 january 1971 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
the new work included the extension of the military appearance of the house , though it never had any military use .
the hon . gerald lascelles , younger son of mary , the princess royal -lrb- daughter of king george v -rrb- was the tenant 1956-1975 , on a 99 year lease . he restored the gardens , and added a swimming pool , and tennis court .
the ruins in the grounds can be seen from the shore of virginia water and are part of an ancient temple brought from leptis magna near tripoli .
the ruins are located between the south shore and blacknest road close to the junction with the a30 london road and wentworth drive .
fort belvedere is still owned by the crown , and is now occupied by private tenants , canadian businessman galen weston and his wife hilary weston , the former lieutenant-governor of ontario .
the fort became the setting of the abdication crisis during 1936 , when edward abdicated the throne following the british and dominion governments ' opposition to his marriage to wallis simpson .
the crown estate commissioners remain the owners of the freehold , as the property is still part of the great park .
in january 1925 , doctors realized that a potentially deadly diphtheria epidemic was poised to sweep through nome 's young people .
during world war ii , the fort was used by the office of the commissioners of crown lands , which had been evacuated from their central london offices .
more recently the house has been home to galen weston , the canadian owner of selfridges plc -lrb- and whose wife hilary was lieutenant governor of ontario 1996-2001 -rrb- .
the triangular turreted structure was set in a dense plantation of trees and overlooked virginia water , a man-made body of water constructed by thomas and paul sandby at the request of the duke .
sir jeffrey wyattville , who was responsible for the rebuilding of windsor castle under george iv , enlarged the house in 1828 , for use as a hunting lodge .
the city of swabi is the capital .
yas island was named the world 's leading tourism project at the world travel awards in november 2009 .
he married maria elizabeth von colomb in 1766 .
the ferrari theme park , ferrari world abu dhabi . hotels including yas marina hotel .
doncaster rovers f.c. are an english football club .
claude davis -lrb- born 6 march 1979 -rrb- is a jamaican football player .
he plays for crystal palace and jamaica national team .
takaya oishi -lrb- born 7 july 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
idle hands is a 1999 comedy \/ horror movie starring devon sawa , seth green , and jessica alba with elden henson and vivica a. fox .
it follows the life of a teen whose hand becomes possessed and goes on a killing spree , even after being cut off from his arm .
humboldt was born in berlin . his father , alexander georg von humboldt , was a major in the prussian army .
other organs which are not so well known for their endocrine activity include the stomach , which produces such hormones as ghrelin .
the main endocrine glands include the pituitary gland , the pancreas , the gonads , the thyroid gland and the adrenal glands .
endocrine glands are glands that secrete their product -lrb- hormones -rrb- directly into the blood . this group contains the glands of the endocrine system .
ethology is a combination of laboratory and field science , with a strong relation to certain other disciplines â '' e.g. , neuroanatomy , ecology , evolution .
hunger and eating are evolutionarily ancient and are found in many species -lrb- evolutionary history -rrb- , and develop early within an organism 's lifespan -lrb- development -rrb- .
for example , the function of eating is to acquire nutrients -lrb- which ultimately aids survival and reproduction -rrb- , but the immediate cause of eating is hunger -lrb- causation -rrb- .
lorenz popularized faps as instinctive responses that would occur reliably in the presence of specific stimuli -lrb- called sign stimuli or releasing stimuli -rrb- .
the next generation began during the 1930s with the work of austrian biologists konrad lorenz and karl von frisch , and the dutch biologist niko tinbergen . the three men were joint winners of the nobel prize in physiology or medicine for 1973 .
it is easy to confuse such questions â `` for example to argue that people eat because they 're hungry and not to acquire nutrients â `` without realizing that the reason people experience hunger -lrb- causation -rrb- is because it causes them to acquire nutrients -lrb- function -rrb- .
ethologists are typically interested in a behavioural process rather than in a particular animal group and often study one type of behavior -lrb- e.g. aggression -rrb- in a number of unrelated animals .
the term is mainly used in the genres outside of western art music , such as funk , rock music , power groove , fusion , and soul .
groove is the sense of rhythmic `` feel '' or sense of `` swing '' created by music played by a band 's rhythm section -lrb- drums , electric bass or double bass , guitar , and keyboards -rrb- .
campbell guest-starred on the smothers brothers comedy hour , and later hosted a series of his own , the glen campbell goodtime hour .
his father , alexander georg von humboldt , was a major in the prussian army .
carlos jorge neto martins -lrb- born 29 april 1982 -rrb- is a portuguese football player . he plays for benfica .
humboldt 's work on botanical geography was very important in the field of biogeography .
thoa mehram khan is a village and union council of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan . it is part of talagang tehsil .
toshihiro uchida -lrb- born 12 august 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the major difference in the use of the term investment between the economics field and the finance field is that economists refer to a real investment -lrb- such as a machine or a house -rrb- , while financial economists refer to a financial asset , such as money that is put into a bank or the market , which may then be used to buy a real asset .
a k6 can have up to 18 engraving heads each cutting 8,000 cells per second to an accuracy of 0.1 â m and below .
in the u.s. bureau of engraving and printing , more than one engraver will work on the same printing plate , making it nearly impossible for any person to duplicate all the engraving on almost any banknote or document .
â bezalel , along with oholiab , was qualified to do this specialized engraving work as well as to train others .
flat gravers are used for doing work on letters , as well as most musical instrument engraving work .
engravers use a steel tool called a burin to cut the picture or pattern into the surface , mostly a copper plate .
because of the high level of detail that can be done by a master engraver , faking engraved designs is almost impossible , and modern banknotes are almost always engraved , as are plates for printing money , checks , bonds and other papers that should not be faked .
the engraving process with diamonds is state of the art since the 1960s .
one example is his sudarium of saint veronica , an engraving of the face of jesus from a single spiralling line that starts at the tip jesus 's nose -lrb- pictured -rrb- .
engraving is so fine that a normal printer can not make the detail of hand engraved images properly .
engraving was commonly done with pointed tools of iron or even with diamond points .
westport is a town in south western connecticut .
the first and greatest period of engraving was from about 1470 to 1530 , with such masters as martin schongauer , albrecht dã 1\/4 rer , and lucas van leiden .
the earliest allusion to engraving in the bible may be the reference to judahâ s seal ring . -lrb- genesis 38:18 -rrb- , followed by -lrb- exodus 39.30 -rrb- .
round gravers are commonly used on silver as well as other hard-to-cut metals such as nickel and steel .
in the european middle ages goldsmiths used engraving to decorate metal .
more than 4,000 engravers make about 8 million printing cylinders worldwide per year .
now , laser engraving machines are being made and even today the mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality .
tsuyoshi yoshitake -lrb- born 8 september 1981 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
engraving machines such as the k500 or k6 by hell gravure systems use a diamond `` pen '' to cut cells .
florentine liners are flat-bottomed tools with multiple lines on them , used to do work on larger areas .
each of the two onyx stones on the shoulder pieces of the high priestâ s ephod was engraved with the names of six different tribes of israel , and each of the 12 precious stones that adorned his breastpiece was engraved with the name of one of the tribes .
each cell creates one printing dot later in the process .
from this grew the engraving of copper printing plates to make artistic images on paper in germany in the 1430s .
gilmar rinaldi -lrb- born 13 january 1959 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
the holy sign of dedication , the shining gold plate on the high priestâ s turban , was engraved with the words : â holiness belongs to jehovah .
the result may be a decorative piece in itself , as when silver , gold or steel are engraved , or may provide a printing plate of copper or another metal , for printing images on paper which are also called engravings .
tarragon or dragon 's - wort -lrb- artemisia dracunculus l. -rrb- is a perennial herb in the family asteraceae .
taira inoue -lrb- born 11 april 1983 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for tokyo verdy .
in her final essay , she disdains and condemns the government system , which leads to the arrest of the `` corrupt congressman '' who accepted the bribe .
when she successfully wins it , she and the family go to washington , d.c. where the finals are to be held .
liam ridgewell -lrb- born 21 july 1984 -rrb- is an english football player . he plays for birmingham city .
it plays an important role in the immune system by attacking virus-infected cells , foreign cells , and cancer cells . the `` t '' in t cell stands for thymus .
the `` t '' in t cell stands for thymus .
the thymus is where t cells are developed .
three very incomplete nodosaurus fossils have been found in wyoming and kansas ; no skulls have been found yet .
the best films win prizes , including the top prize , the palme d'or . past winners of the palme d'or -lrb- along with the year they were made and the country they are from -rrb- are :
the news of the violent torture and death of this innocent student struck fear among people and shocked the students in ljubljana .
towards the end of his high schooling world war ii was approaching .
the invitation made william decide to carry out his existing plans to land with a large dutch army . this ended in the glorious revolution during which james was taken off king and replaced by william and mary as joint rulers .
on 1 january 1943 , the first friday , he attended mass at the monastery at stiä na , where he received communion for the last time in his young life ; then traveled by train from ivanä na gorica to trebnje , where he found he could not travel further because the rails had been destroyed .
she saw to his schooling and sent him to a school in ljubljana , where she was working as a servant .
he asked for a permit to travel home .
on the 50th anniversary of the death of lojze grozde , the archdiocese of ljubljana started a process to recognize his martyrdom and also his beatification and canonization .
they were later named the immortal seven . they sent this letter to william iii , prince of orange , received by him on 30 june 1688 -lrb- julian calendar , 10 july gregorian calendar -rrb- .
later , because lojze was a good pupil , the stepfather became friendlier towards him , and so he remained at the house and his aunt took care of him .
when he was four years old , his mother married .
in england a catholic male heir to the throne , james francis edward stuart , had been born . the letter asked william to force the ruling king , his father-in-law james ii of england to make william 's protestant wife mary , james 's oldest daughter , the heir .
he decided to continue to mirna on foot , and on the way he rode in a cart .
he said , `` the servant of god lojze grozde is just one of innumerable innocent victims of communism that raise the palm of martyrdom as an indelible memory and admonition .
circumstances were becoming increasingly strained .
in his introduction to the biography of lojze grozde by anton strle , who is also a candidate for sainthood , taras kermauner wrote : `` grozde combines the ardor and apostolate of friderik baraga , the asceticism and suffering of janez franä iå ek gnidovec , a gift for organization , and the slovenian national consciousness of blessed anton martin slomå ek ... he symbolizes the entire martyrdom suffered by christians and catholic slovenians during world war ii and afterwards for their affiliation to their faith ... his personality should be returned to the common slovenian consciousness of heroes that have been praised and elevated to the first plane as the only models .
the body of lojze grozde was buried at the cemetery in å entrupert because it was impossible to take it to his home parish of trå 3\/4 iå ä e under the difficult circumstances of those days .
there are two main types of pneumothorax . these are a closed pneumothorax , and an open pneumothorax .
these are a closed pneumothorax , and an open pneumothorax .
the anti-comintern pact was a pact between nazi germany and the empire of japan , which would later joined by more countries , on novermber 25 , 1936 . it was set up to directly against comintern -lrb- communist international -rrb- , an organization of the soviet union .
this sometimes happens when the lung is already injured somehow , like from diseases such as cancer or cystic fibrosis . the most common cause of closed pneumothorax is called spontaneous pneumothorax .
from 1991 to 2005 the braves , with the exception of 1994 because of a strike , won their division .
the atlanta braves are a major league baseball team in atlanta , georgia .
the donna reed show was an american situation comedy . it aired on abc network from 1958 to 1966 .
today continuing collisions among veritas-family asteroids are estimated to send five thousand tons of cosmic dust to earth each year , 15 % of the total .
the thought veritas collision would have been too far from jupiter for the pieces to have been slung into a collision course with earth .
however , solar radiation would have caused the resulting dust to drift inward to earth orbit over a time span consistent with the record of dust in the ocean sediment .
david nesvornã 1\/2 of the southwest research institute in boulder traced the orbits of these bodies back in time , and calculated that they formed in a collision of a body at least 150 km in diameter with a smaller asteroid some 8 million years ago .
veritas and undina would have been the biggest pieces of that collision .
490 veritas is a big asteroid , which may have been involved in one of the more huge asteroid-asteroid collisions of the past 100 million years .
below is the list of wikipedia articles about basketball players who have played for the orlando magic nba team .
the service is operated by first london on behalf of transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- . the tfl team responsible for tramlink is called london tramlink , matching london buses , london underground , and so on .
brandon mckinney -lrb- born august 24 , 1983 in dayton , ohio -rrb- is an american football nose tackle for the baltimore ravens of the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
mineral exploration is the process undertaken by companies , partnerships or corporations in the endeavor of finding ore -lrb- commercially viable concentrations of minerals -rrb- to mine .
mineral exploration is a much more intensive , organised and professional form of mineral prospecting and , though it frequently uses the services of prospecting , the process of mineral exploration on the whole is much more involved .
wanquetin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
they are most often cyclonic , that is , related with a localized low pressure area inside a severe thunderstorm .
a mesocyclone is a vortex of air , about 2 to 10 km in diameter -lrb- the mesoscale of meteorology -rrb- , inside a convective storm .
mckinney did n't get drafted but played college football at michigan state university .
that is , it is air that rises and rotates around a vertical axis , usually in the same direction as low pressure systems in a given hemisphere .
such storms can create strong surface winds and a lot of hail .
the nagorno-karabakh -lrb- nkr -rrb- defense army was made on may 9 , 1992 as the formal defense force of the unrecognized nagorno-karabakh republic , made up of armenians .
this template should be used when you want to have a quarter like `` q3 2007 '' -lrb- third quarter of 2007 -rrb- , or want to sort a year or quarter at the end of that period , in sortable tables .
using `` sortbefore = yes '' will let them sort according to their start date .
by default time periods are sorted according to their end date .
oliver hardy also worked with john wayne in western , the fighting kentuckian -lrb- 1949 -rrb- , and bing crosby in frank capra film riding high -lrb- 1950 -rrb- .
oliver hardy january 18 , 1892 - august 7 , 1957 , was an american comedian , actor and director .
\/ \/ not in ie6 , only when editing\/previewing a page if -lrb- -lrb- navigator .
eragon goes to their aid and helps them in battle and has an encounter with another dragon rider and his red dragon . the rider turns out to be murtagh .
here he finds out that the mysterious mourning sage had been another rider named oromis , and his dragon glaedr . oromis is an elf and is very old so he can not fight galbatorix but he can teach eragon and saphira .
in the united kingdom and australia , the term applies more generally to previously used land .
land that is more severely contaminated and has high levels of hazardous waste or pollution , such as a superfund site , does not fall under the brownfield classification .
expansion or redevelopment of such a facility may be difficult by real or possible environmental contaminations .
the land may be contaminated by low amounts of hazardous waste or pollution . it has the potential to be reused once it is cleaned up .
mothballed brownfields are properties which the owners are not willing to transfer or put to productive reuse .
thom yorke -lrb- born october 7 , 1968 -rrb- is an english musician , most known for being the lead singer , pianist , and guitarist for the english alternative rock band radiohead .
rafael van der vaart -lrb- born 11 february 1983 -rrb- is a dutch football player . he plays for tottenham hotspur and netherlands national team .
the national register of historic places -lrb- nrhp -rrb- is the united states government 's official list of districts , sites , buildings , structures , and objects worthy of preservation . the passing of the national historic preservation act -lrb- nhpa -rrb- in 1966 created the national register and the method for adding properties to it .
russell crowe stars as the detective determined to bring down the drug empire operated by lucas .
however , for non-cyclical non-spiral scales such as s , t , and ll 's , the scale length is shortened to make room for end margins .
one office of the u.s. navy actually designed a generic slide rule `` chassis '' with an aluminum body and plastic cursor into which celluloid cards -lrb- printed on both sides -rrb- could be placed for special calculations .
this is a circular slide rule first created in the 1930s for aircraft pilots to help with dead reckoning .
the original intent was to allow the user to select an exponent x -lrb- in the range 0 to 2.3 -rrb- on the ln scale and read ex on the c -lrb- or d -rrb- scale and eâ `` x on the ci -lrb- or di -rrb- scale .
there is more than one method for doing division , but the method presented here has the advantage that the final result can not be off-scale , because one has a choice of using the 1 at either end .
the rest of the properties are smaller contributing properties that are part of historic districts .
another step toward the replacement of slide rules with electronics was the development of electronic calculators for scientific and engineering use .
the slide rule is used primarily for multiplication and division , and also for `` scientific '' functions such as roots , logarithms and trigonometry , but does not generally perform addition or subtraction .
such cursors can effectively double the accuracy of readings , permitting a 10-inch slide rule to serve as well as a 20-inch .
for addition , the quotient of the two variables plus one times the divisor equals their sum :
traditionally slide rules were made out of hard wood such as mahogany or boxwood with cursors of glass and metal .
in 1815 , peter roget invented the log log slide rule , which included a scale displaying the logarithm of the logarithm .
some engineering students and engineers carried ten-inch slide rules in belt holsters , and even into the mid 1970s this was a common sight on campuses .
the passing of the national historic preservation act -lrb- nhpa -rrb- in 1966 created the national register and the method for adding properties to it .
some slide rules have a ln scale , which is for base e.
mathematical calculations are done by aligning a mark on the sliding central strip with one on one of the fixes strips . the relative position of other marks can then be observed .
the hp-9100 had trigonometric functions -lrb- sin , cos , tan -rrb- in addition to exponentials and logarithms .
circular slide rules come in two basic types , one with two cursors -lrb- left -rrb- , and another with a movable disk and a single cursor -lrb- right -rrb- .
the recommended cleaning method for engraved markings is to scrub lightly with steel-wool .
there are about 29 other radioactive isotopes .
most students learned slide rule use on the linear slide rules , and did not find reason to switch .
the first method to perform addition and subtraction on the c and d -lrb- or any comparable scales -rrb- requires converting the problem into one of division .
trigonometric scales are sometimes dual-labeled , in black and red , with complementary angles , the so-called `` darmstadt '' style .
it has two stable isotopes . they are 79br and 81br .
the first included the wang laboratories loci-2 , introduced in 1965 , which used logarithms for multiplication and division and the hewlett-packard hp-9100 , introduced in 1968 .
the duplex rule was invented by william cox in 1891 , and was produced by keuffel and esser co. of new york .
with slide rules , there was a great emphasis on working the algebra to get expressions into the most computable form .
in its most basic form , the slide rule uses two logarithmic scales to allow rapid multiplication and division of numbers .
with the aid of scales printed on the frame it also helps with such miscellaneous tasks as converting time , distance , speed , and temperature values , compass errors , and calculating fuel use .
the most popular were trigonometric , usually sine and tangent , common logarithm -lrb- log10 -rrb- -lrb- for taking the log of a value on a multiplier scale -rrb- , natural logarithm -lrb- ln -rrb- and exponential -lrb- ex -rrb- scales .
bromine is quite reactive . its reactivity is between chlorine , which is more reactive , and iodine , which is less reactive .
this method is similar to the addition\/subtraction technique used for high-speed electronic circuits with the logarithmic number system in specialized computer applications like the gravity pipe -lrb- grape -rrb- supercomputer and hidden markov models .
premium slide rules included clever catches so the rule would not fall apart by accident , and bumpers to protect the scales and cursor from rubbing on tabletops .
base-10 logarithms and exponentials are found using the l scale , which is linear .
later cursors were acrylics or polycarbonates sliding on teflon bearings .
in 1677 , henry coggeshall created a two-foot folding rule for timber measure , called the coggeshall slide rule .
la bazouge-des-alleux is a commune of 262 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
throughout his life he never used any other pocket calculating devices ; slide rules served him perfectly well for making quick estimates of rocket design parameters and other figures .
in 1895 , a japanese firm , hemmi , started to make slide rules from bamboo , which had the advantages of being dimensionally stable , strong and naturally self-lubricating .
like his contemporary at cambridge , isaac newton , oughtred taught his ideas privately to his students , but delayed in publishing them , and like newton , he became involved in a vitriolic controversy over priority , with his one-time student richard delamain and the prior claims of wingate .
the young engineer asking for computer time to solve a problem that could have been done by a few swipes on the slide rule became a humorous clichã .
fortran allowed complicated formulas to be typed in from textbooks without the effort of reformulation .
nevertheless , pickett , probably america 's most successful slide rule company , made all printed scales .
the dual cursor versions perform multiplication and division by maintaining a fixed angle between the cursors as they are rotated around the dial .
lozinghem is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
students also might keep a ten-or twenty-inch rule for precision work at home or the office while carrying a five-inch pocket slide rule around with them .
the pivot , however , does prevent scratching of the face and cursors .
one eight-inch premium circular rule had a 50-inch spiral log-log scale .
some slide rules have been made for specialised fields of application , for example aviation or finance . such slide rules have special scales which are useful in the particular field of application , in addition to the common ones .
circular slide rules are mechanically more rugged and smoother-moving , but their scale alignment precision is sensitive to the centering of a central pivot ; a minute 0.1 mm off-centre of the pivot can result in a 0.2 mm worst case alignment error .
a logarithm transforms the operations of multiplication and division to addition and subtraction according to the rules and .
redevelopment is any new construction on a place which is already in use . an example is the redevelopment of a block of small houses into a large apartment .
scales on the most common `` 10-inch '' models are actually 25 cm in length , as they were made to metric standards , though some rules offer slightly extended scales to simplify manipulation when a result overflowed .
specialized slide rules were invented for various forms of engineering , business and banking .
these bamboo slide rules were introduced in sweden in september , 1933 , and probably only a little earlier in germany .
for angles from around 5.7 up to 90 degrees , sines are found by comparing the s scale with c. the s scale has a second set of angles -lrb- sometimes in a different color -rrb- , which run in the opposite direction , and are used for cosines .
numerical integration was often easier than trying to find closed form solutions for difficult problems .
the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel -lrb- also known as cor-ten -rrb- as the angel of the north sculpture . this slowly develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .
the last nail in the coffin for the slide rule was the launch of pocket-sized scientific calculators , of which the 1972 hewlett-packard hp-35 was the first .
oughtred 's ideas were only made public in publications of his student william forster in 1632 and 1653 .
german rocket scientist wernher von braun brought two 1930s vintage nestler slide rules with him when he moved to the u.s. after world war ii to work on the american space program .
most slide rules have three linear strips of the same length . the strips are aligned in parallel and interlocked so that the central strip can be moved lengthwise relative to the other two .
despite gormley 's plea , removal of b of the bang began in april 2009 .
later slide rules were made of plastic , or aluminum painted with plastic .
there has been little practical interest in constructing one beyond the initial prototype , however .
it used the cordic -lrb- coordinate rotation digital computer -rrb- algorithm , which allows for calculation of trigonometric functions using only shift and add operations .
ibm introduced a series of more affordable computers , the ibm 650 -lrb- 1954 -rrb- , ibm 1620 -lrb- 1959 -rrb- , ibm 1130 -lrb- 1965 -rrb- addressed to the science and engineering market .
the s , t , and st scales are used for trig functions and multiples of trig functions , for angles in degrees .
care must be taken when the base , x , is found in more than one place on its scale .
in may 2006 a total of nine spikes were removed from the sculpture and taken away for metallurgical analysis , to discover the stresses being placed on the steel .
the navitimer circular rule , referred to by breitling as a `` navigation computer '' , featured airspeed , rate\/time of climb\/descent , flight time , distance , and fuel consumption functions , as well as kilometerâ `` nautical mile and gallonâ `` liter fuel amount conversion functions .
it was around that time , as engineering became a recognized professional activity , that slide rules came into wide use in europe .
the use of slide rules continued to grow through the 1950s and 1960s even as digital computing devices were gradually introduced ; but around 1974 the electronic scientific calculator made the slide rule largely obsolete and most suppliers exited the business .
in 2004 , education researchers david b. sher and dean c. nataro conceived a new type of slide rule based on prosthaphaeresis , an algorithm for rapidly computing products that predates logarithms .
some high-end slide rules have magnifying cursors that make the markings easier to see .
for painted slide rules , and the faint of heart , use diluted commercial window-cleaning fluid and a soft cloth .
for instance , there are two nines on the a scale ; to find the square root of nine , use the first one ; the second one gives the square root of 90 .
the main disadvantages of circular slide rules are the difficulty in locating figures along a rotating disc , and limited number of scales .
astronomical work also required fine computations , and in 19th century germany a steel slide rule about 2 meters long was used at one observatory .
many computer centers had a framed slide rule hung on a wall with the note `` in case of emergency , break glass . ''
b of the bang originally stood 56 m tall . it had 180 hollow tapered steel columns or spikes coming out of a central core .
various other conveniences have been developed .
one possibility involved the replacement of the steel spikes with alternatives made from carbon fiber , although the report underlined the necessity for extensive testing .
aluminum pickett-brand slide rules were carried on five apollo space missions , including to the moon , according to advertising on pickett 's n600 slide rule boxes .
in 1630 , william oughtred of cambridge invented a circular slide rule , and in 1632 he combined two gunter rules , held together with the hands , to make a device that is recognizably the modern slide rule .
rather than `` split '' scales , high-end circular rules use spiral scales for more complex operations like log-of-log scales .
while gps has reduced the use of dead reckoning for aerial navigation , and handheld calculators have taken over many of its functions , the e6b remains widely used as a primary or backup device and the majority of flight schools demand that their students have some degree of its mastery .
some slide rules -lrb- `` duplex '' models -rrb- have scales on both sides of the rule and slide strip , others on one side of the outer strips and both sides of the slide strip , still others on one side only -lrb- `` simplex '' rules -rrb- .
william oughtred and others developed the slide rule in the 1600s . the slide rule is based on the work on logarithms by john napier .
in other words , ejb ql queries do not use tables and their components . they use enterprise beans , their persistent state , and their relationships .
as a result some of the joints were re-welded , with equipment put in place to prevent excessive movement .
the result of an ejb ql query is either a single object , a collection of entity objects of a given type , or a collection of values retrieved from cmp fields .
this was followed by ten 3-car sets comprising dmbs\/ts\/dmc for the ner at bradford , then a further twenty 3-car sets .
the only external body difference was on the final batch of cars where a four character headcode box was fitted above the front cab windows , with the destination indicator on top of a reduced height center window .
abdul kader keã ta -lrb- born 6 august 1981 -rrb- is a cã te d'ivoire football player .
in addition to thousands of books , also lost were a major portion of the files and records of professor john s. kenyon and the furnishings of the vachel lindsay reading room .
the library has grown , added and subtracted parts , nearly been destroyed , and moved from one end of the campus to the other in its 100 + year career .
a comprehensive capital campaign by the college featured the construction of a $ 7.1 million facility as its centerpiece .
prior to 1900 , library facilities at hiram college consisted of the small libraries of each of the student literary societies : delphic , hesperian , and olive branch .
the report recognized the sculpture 's aesthetic value for manchester and manchester city council committed itself to working with the artist to reach a long-term solution .
while a student at hiram , she was made the librarian of the olive branch society , and did such an excellent job that she was asked to organized the libraries of the other societies .
the west end of the browsing room was designated the vachel lindsay room , and the east end as the adelaide robbins rhodes room .
since then , change has been a nearly continuous process with modifications and improvements to the collections , services , and spaces of the library becoming a yearly , monthly , and weekly affair .
the card catalog was saved from fire damage and much of the lost book collection was replaced .
in 1923 , a supplemental gift from the teachout family made possible an addition built to the south of the original building , and joined to it by means of a vestibule .
this expanded the building westward toward dean street and effectively doubled the size of the library once again .
the sculpture was commissioned in 2003 . construction went longer than planned and the official unveiling was delayed until 12 january 2005 .
the media center became administratively incorporated into the library .
but it hasnâ t always been the same place , or even in the same place , through its history .
but , like a phoenix , the library rose again , and a newer , more modern building was erected with a main reading room on the lower floor and a browsing room above .
with regard to these underlying comparisons she says : â on another level we are struck by the permanent verbal mix of the ape-like and the human , a combination which leaves us pensive and asks the legitimate question where we , who consider ourselves sapiens in a double sense , should finally classify man .
the many expressions in foreign languages , mostly in latin , are untranslated in the first edition .
although it is difficult to convince the other characters to follow him , pitar manages to persuade the patriarchal leader of the clan , costello , who has taken over leadership from thorn , who had died shortly before .
heinz gerstinger means the book would be a â history of the awakening of the spirit of mankindâ .
despite many clear allusions to several world religions , ingrid reichel says that the novel is a book for â readers with humor , for reasoners -lrb- â -rrb- , for darwinists , on no account for creationists , to a lesser extent for people of faith , but rather for atheists , â and fundamentalists drop out entirelyâ .
publisher fza introduced the work to the public in vienna .
his linguistic knowledge , thoughts and sayings are those of modern man , including a big knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature .
several comments made by pitar about a particular object that has not been invented or developed yet , add to the funniness of the scenario .
one of the subplots of the novel shows the love between pitar and maluma , a female member of the group .
in thinking about his social and natural environment , pitar decides to lead his family to civilization : `` hence i decided to shed some light on the darkness , to light a candle following the motto let there be light and so on '' .
costello pretends the group of females would be his personal harem , but when maluma falls in love with pitar , she breaks off her relationship with the leader .
however , the calm is broken by the attack of a saber-toothed cat .
several reviewers underline the novel 's ironic and satirical aspect . the names of the characters , latin quotations and idioms add to this as much as the parallelism between the seven days of creation and scientific hominization .
â pitar and maluma leave toward the savanna in a move that remembers both the expulsion from paradise and the out of africa theory .
whereas costello thinks the parliament would be a forum in which he can strengthen his power , quoting from famous speeches by winston churchill and abraham lincoln , the other members ruin the idea because they have no discipline and feel indifferent .
the location of the time capsule after being taken apart is currently unknown .
on each day , the characters discover new things . on the seventh day , everyone is exhausted from their work and needs rest .
tring is a town near the a41 road and aylesbury in buckinghamshire , england . in 2001 there were 12,027 people living in tring .
although arminius could not keep unity among the germanic tribes , the loss of roman legions in the teutoburg forest had a far-reaching effect on the germanic tribes and the roman empire .
germanicus ' campaign was the last major roman military effort east of the rhine .
seychelles national football team is the national football team of seychelles .
in writing , a question mark -lrb- '' ? '' -rrb- comes at the end of a question .
procaine -lrb- like cocaine -rrb- has the advantage of reducing bleeding , unlike other pain-killers and without the dangerous qualities of cocaine .
christopher nolan directed the film , which stars christian bale as batman , as well as michael caine , gary oldman , liam neeson , katie holmes , cillian murphy and morgan freeman .
batman begins is a 2005 superhero movie , based on the fictional dc comics character batman .
he married anna josepha coombe on march 11 , 1791 , and they left for australia four days later .
bbc scotland is a part of the bbc in scotland .
cultural heritage -lrb- `` national heritage '' or just `` heritage '' -rrb- is the legacy of physical artifacts and intangible attributes of a group or society that are inherited from past generations , maintained in the present and bestowed for the benefit of future generations .
tamon machida -lrb- born 14 february 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for sony sendai .
different dog breeds can be used as guard dogs . a dog will sometimes bark at people it does not know and may alert its owner that way .
economists generally think that this money supply increase -lrb- monetary inflation -rrb- causes the goods\/services price increase -lrb- price inflation -rrb- over a longer period .
inflation affects different people in different ways . it also depends on whether inflation is expected or not .
clara and the prince arrive in the land of the sugar plum fairy .
an infinitive is a special type of a verb .
the angola national football team is the national football team of angola .
the kingdom of leã n was an independent kingdom situated in the northwest of the iberian peninsula .
it was founded in 910 a.d. . the atlantic provinces became the kingdom of portugal in 1139 , and the eastern , inland part of the kingdom was joined to the kingdom of castile by 1230 .
it is often used to add strong flavor to foods . zest has become a synonym for spice , strong flavor or interesting taste .
angel of the north stands at 66 f. it was designed to look like an exploding firework . it was taller and leaned at a greater angle than the leaning tower of pisa .
the band was formed in 1991 by varg vikernes .
owusu benson -lrb- born 22 march 1977 -rrb- is a ghanaian football player .
crayon shin-chan -lrb- ã ã ã ã ã -- ã `` ã ã ã `` , kureyon shin-chan , also known as shin-chan in the united states -rrb- is a japanese manga and anime series written by yoshito usui .
red dead redemption gives the player a big and open world environment .
in the end they said `` red dead redemption is a must-play game .
the official online rockstar games store , the `` rockstar warehouse , '' offers a red dead redemption t-shirt as the pre-order bonus .
it was approved at the start of 2003 , with the central core arriving in manchester on the 13 june 2004 .
with some countries getting the `` golden guns '' and the `` war horse , '' all will have the deadly assassin outfit along with the first soundtrack .
videogamer gave it a 10\/10 saying `` the game itself is absolutely spectacular ... the sheer quality of red dead redemption is evident right from the word go . ''
red dead redemption is an action-adventure western video game made by rockstar san diego .
they also said `` it 's a magnificent piece of work that everybody should play . ''
gamespot awarded the game 9.5 \/ 10 and said that it `` raises the bar for open world action games '' .
you can expect the occasional bug or visual hiccup , but you can also expect a fantastic game that offers the western experience we 've all been waiting for . ''
it is a spiritual successor to 2004 's red dead revolver .
a trailer of the game was sent to a select number of people at a sony meeting in 2005 . it helped the release of the playstation 3 system .
gamespy gave it 5\/5 stars saying `` with red dead redemption , rockstar succeeds in creating one of the most impressive open worlds i 've ever seen in a game , and it 's telling that â '' even after playing for over 30 hours â '' all i want to do is get back on my horse and gallop back into the wilderness . ''
in the april edition of game informer , red dead redemption was listed as being for the playstation 3 , xbox 360 , and pc .
the trailer was a tech demo of rockstar advanced game engine . it was set in a western setting thought to as old west project and a sequel to red dead revolver .
players may also fight enemies with firearms .
eurogamer gave red dead redemption an 8\/10 , saying `` successfully re-clothes the grand theft auto framework in an exciting , distinct and expertly realized scenario '' .
it was angled at 30 degrees and supported by five 25 m long , tapered steel legs . these connected to the spikes 22 m above the ground .
the music was mostly made by friends of dean martinez member bill elm and ex-member woody jackson along with some other people from many musicians like swedish folk musician josã gonzã lez .
red dead redemption original soundtrack is the soundtrack of video game music from the game red dead redemption .
red dead redemption makes use of a honesty system . this is when players have the chance to get good or bad ` honor ' .
some of the ways to get good honor are like taking an outlaw alive instead of killing him , or saving a kidnapped person .
players ca n't go swimming , because the main character john marston can not swim and will drown if the player goes too far into the water -lrb- though he is able to go where the water is shallow -rrb- .
early estimates had given an optimistic completion date of july 2003 , which contributed to the sculpture gaining the nickname g of the bang .
under the local government act 1972 it became a parish in the borough of harrogate , north yorkshire .
ripon was one of the boroughs reformed by the municipal corporations act 1835 . it stayed a borough in the west riding of yorkshire until 1974 .
because it is an urban -lrb- town -rrb- parish ripon can call its parish council ripon city council , the chairman of its parish council is called the city mayor .
guinecourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
eddie su ` a born 13 january , 1983 is a rugby league player for the cronulla sharks in the nrl .
it became the capital of portuguese guinea in 1942 , and has been the capital since independence was declared , except for a short time in 1973 and 1974 when the capital was at boe .
the southern cassowary -lrb- casuarius casuarius -rrb- , also known as double-wattled cassowary or two-wattled cassowary , is a large flightless black bird with hard and stiff plumage , two dangling red wattles and a big bony lump on its head called a casque .
it lives in tropical rainforest and feeds mostly on fallen fruit , red nape and two red wattles hanging down its throat .
the speaker is elected by other members , usually he or she is a member of the government party , but leaves his or her party because the speaker must be neutral -lrb- not like one side more than another -rrb- . the speaker does not vote .
natasha jane richardson -lrb- 11 may 1963 -- 18 march 2009 -rrb- was a tony award-winning english stage and screen actress .
hash values are much the same , except that care is taken that different sets of data do not get the same hash value -lrb- this is called a hash collision -rrb- .
apollo justice : ace attorney is an adventure game made by capcom for the nintendo ds handheld .
the word `` glass '' can also refer to a drink container . it does not have to be made of glass , but can be made of any material , for example plastic .
amarildo tavares da silveira -lrb- born 29 june , 1939 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
this layer prevents further corrosion by reducing its permeability to water .
threatened species are also called `` red listed '' species , because they are in the iucn red list of threatened species .
under the endangered species act in the united states , `` threatened '' means any species which is likely to become endangered in the near future , in all , or a large part of its range .
the atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki were nuclear attacks at the end of world war ii against the empire of japan by the united states ordered by the u.s. president harry s. truman on august 6 and 9 , 1945 . the bombs killed as many as 140,000 people in hiroshima and 80,000 in nagasaki by the end of 1945 .
six days after the explosion over nagasaki , on august 15 , japan announced its surrender to the allied powers , signing the surrender paper on september 2 , officially ending the pacific war and world war ii .
seymour 's ambitions led to him being arrested and beheaded , after which sudeley castle became the property of catherine 's brother william parr , who was the marquess of nothampton .
seymour and catherine moved into the castle and brought with them ladies to attend on the queen dowager , as well as gentlemen of the household and yeomen of the guard .
thomas was made lord of sudeley and married the king 's stepmother , catherine parr .
sudeley castle was mainly built in 1441 by ralph boteler , who had the castle confiscated by edward iv of england . edward gave sudeley castle to his brother , who later became richard iii of england , who then gave it to his uncle jasper tudor , duke of bedford .
when henry died the castle became the property of his son , edward vi of england , who gave it to his uncle , thomas seymour .
by the time henry viii of england succeeded , the castle was the property of the crown again .
in 1554 mary i of england gave sudeley castle john brydges , lord chandos and it remained as his property throughout the reign of elizabeth i of england .
it had been visited by henry in 1535 , with his second wife anne boleyn , but had been empty and unattended for some time .
during this time thomas began to regenerate the castle for catherine 's use , but only one room that he had built remains today .
santiago de cuba province has been the site of many battles , both during the war for independence and the 1959 cuban revolution , where much of the guerrilla fighting took place in the mountainous province .
the province has many material resources such as iron and nickel .
the natural beauty of the area is attracting many tourists from both the rest of cuba and from overseas .
after 1910 , he spent the rest of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent .
richard lewis is the chairman of sport england .
sport england is the name for the english sports council . it is a non-departmental public body under the department for culture , media and sport .
sport england also helps more talented people do well by identifying them early , nurturing them , and helping them move up to the elite level .
fierce creatures is a 1997 comedy movie .
the story is based around a british zoo . the zoo has recently been bought by new zealand businessman rod mccain -lrb- played by kevin kline -rrb- and put under the management of rollo lee -lrb- cleese -rrb- .
the one-eyed jacks are the jack of hearts and the jack of spades .
the tarot deck with 78 cards is also a deck of playing cards .
the dia and dic provide military intelligence to warfighters , defense policymakers and force planners within the department of defense and the united states intelligence community , in support of u.s. military planning and operations and weapon systems acquisition .
the defense intelligence agency , or dia , is a major producer and manager of military intelligence for the united states department of defense , employing over 11,000 military and civilian employees worldwide . the defense intelligence community is headed by the dia , through its director -lrb- who chairs the military intelligence board -rrb- , and coordinates the activities of the army , navy , marine corps , and air force intelligence components .
dia , designated in 1986 as a defense department combat support agency , was established in 1961 as a result of a decision by secretary of defense robert s. mcnamara , under president john f. kennedy .
the department of defense created dia with the publication of directive 5105.21 , `` defense intelligence agency '' on 1 august , effective 1 october 1961 .
as part of the design , the spikes moved slightly in the wind in order to withstand gusts over 100 m. at the time of construction a time capsule was placed in one of the spikes of the sculpture . it contained children 's poems and paintings , due to be opened around 2300 .
the defense intelligence community is headed by the dia , through its director -lrb- who chairs the military intelligence board -rrb- , and coordinates the activities of the army , navy , marine corps , and air force intelligence components .
dia was preceded by the counter intelligence corps .
the defense intelligence agency , or dia , is a major producer and manager of military intelligence for the united states department of defense , employing over 11,000 military and civilian employees worldwide .
monet married alice in 1892 .
alice hoschedã decided to help monet by taking care of his children as well as her own .
in 1883 they moved to a house in giverny where monet planted a large garden .
dokken was composed of founder don dokken on vocals , george lynch on lead guitars , juan croucier on bass , and `` wild '' mick brown on drums . in 1983 croucier left dokken in order to join ratt and was replaced by jeff pilson .
the agreement was to pay the council â # 1.7 m in damages for breach of contract and negligence .
dokken was composed of founder don dokken on vocals , george lynch on lead guitars , juan croucier on bass , and `` wild '' mick brown on drums .
dokken is an american heavy metal band that was formed in 1978 .
å 1\/2 eljko milinoviä -lrb- born 12 october 1969 -rrb- is a former slovenian football player .
pole jumping competitions were known to the ancient greeks , as well as the cretans and celts .
pole vault is a track and field event in which a person uses a long , flexible pole -lrb- which today is usually made either of fiberglass or carbon fiber -rrb- as an aid to leap over a bar .
despite the promise of storage and potential reassembly , the core and legs of the sculpture were cut apart during removal .
since 1961 , nearly 2.5 million alumni have received a bachelor 's , master 's or doctoral degree from the csu system which offers more than 1,800 degree programs in 240 subject areas .
it is one of three public higher education systems in the state , the other two being the university of california system and the california community college system .
it is the largest senior system of higher education in the united states .
the california state university -lrb- csu -rrb- is a public university system established in 1857 in california . it is one of three public higher education systems in the state , the other two being the university of california system and the california community college system .
csu prepares about 60 percent of the teachers in the state , 40 percent of the engineering graduates , and more graduates in business , agriculture , communication studies , health , education and public administration than all other california universities and colleges combined .
altogether , about half the bachelor 's degrees and a third of the master 's degrees awarded annually in california are from the csu .
iridium is not needed in the body .
in january 2009 , antony gormley , creator of the angel of the north â '' to which b of the bang is often compared â '' spoke out in support of the sculpture , stating that , `` it is a great tribute to manchester that this ground-breaking work was commissioned .
it was later finished by franco alfano .
this central core was lifted into place in august 2004 , after which the 180 spikes could begin being attached .
infection generally occurs through wound contamination , and often involves a cut or deep puncture wound .
infection can be prevented by proper immunization and by post-exposure prophylaxis .
the primary symptoms are caused by tetanospasmin , a neurotoxin produced by the anaerobic bacterium clostridium tetani .
as the infection goes on , muscle spasms develop in the jaw . this led to the common name of the condition , lockjaw .
the reliant astrodome , which was called `` the astrodome '' , is a domed sports stadium . the astrodome was the first of its type built .
luminosity is a measurement of how bright something is .
in november 2008 this culminated in an out-of-court settlement being reached between manchester city council , the project 's designers thomas heatherwick studio ltd , and the engineering and construction subcontractors packman lucas ltd , flint and neill partnership and westbury structures ltd. .
art nouveau was also a movement of distinct individuals such as gustav klimt , charles rennie mackintosh , alphonse mucha , renã lalique , antoni gaudã and louis comfort tiffany , each of whom interpreted it in their own individual manner .
although art nouveau fell out of favor with the arrival of 20th-century modernist styles , it is seen today as an important bridge between neoclassicism and modernism .
art nouveau is an international art movement and style .
in france , hector guimard 's paris metro entrances shaped the landscape of paris and emile gallã was at the center of the school of thought in nancy .
the historic center of riga , latvia , with `` the finest collection of art nouveau buildings in europe '' , was inscribed on the list in 1997 in part because of the `` quality and the quantity of its art nouveau\/jugendstil architecture '' . four brussels town houses by victor horta were included in 2000 as `` works of human creative genius '' that are `` outstanding examples of art nouveau architecture brilliantly illustrating the transition from the 19th to the 20th century in art , thought , and society '' .
it was an overnight sensation , and announced the new artistic style and its creator to the citizens of paris .
the movement was strongly influenced by czech artist alphonse mucha . mucha produced a lithographed poster as an advertisement for the play gismonda by victorien sardou , starring sarah bernhardt .
the song is a mid-tempo ballad sung from the perspective of the film 's lead character , alice .
while designing clothes inspired by alice in wonderland for her abbey dawn line , lavigne told disney executives she could write a song for the film 's soundtrack .
director tim burton agreed , and lavigne `` wrote the song immediately '' on her piano .
`` alice '' is an alternative rock song written and performed by canadian singer-songwriter avril lavigne for the soundtrack to the 2010 film alice in wonderland , entitled almost alice .
according to lavigne , she wrote the song after asking disney executives and director tim burton for a role on the soundtrack .
majority rule is not the same as a plurality vote .
tantalum was named tantalium . it has the chemical symbol ta .
it is a rare metal . it is hard and blue-gray .
it is found in the mineral tantalite .
shibuya harajuku are 2 places for shopping in tokyo .
he studied under pavel tchistyakov at the imperial academy of arts . later , he felt attracted to the group of artists known as the peredvizhniki .
it was announced in october 2007 that manchester city council were taking legal action against the makers of the sculpture , with the aim of completing the necessary repairs to the sculpture .
some public works such as water , sewer , and fire-fighting , are handled by the tokyo metropolitan government .
les salelles is a commune in the ardã che dã partement in southern france .
it is an airline hub of cebu pacific , philippine airlines , pal express , and air philippines , with flights to key cities throughout the country .
the mactan-cebu international airport , located in lapu-lapu city , is the country 's second busiest airport -lrb- after ninoy aquino international airport in metro manila -rrb- and the only airport in the visayas serving international flights .
to allow it to disappear would be a loss not just of an inspirational artwork but also of the council 's nerve . ''
although cebu city , mandaue city and lapu-lapu city are often grouped under the province of cebu for statistical purposes by the national statistics office , as highly urbanized cities they are administratively independent from the province .
a club -lrb- also known as cudgel , baton , truncheon , night stick , and bludgeon -rrb- is a weapon mainly used to hit someone or something .
a club is a short staff , or stick , usually made of wood , and used as a weapon .
the sculpture was constructed in sheffield by thomas heatherwick studio , packman lucas , flint and neill and westbury structures .
the wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
john stockton was a point guard for the utah jazz of the national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- .
accessories may be used as external visual symbols of religious or cultural affiliation : crucifixes , star of david , islamic headscarves , skullcaps and turbans are common examples .
items such as such as jewellery , gloves , handbags , hats , belts , scarves , watches , sunglasses , pins , stockings , bow ties , leggings , ties , suspenders , and tights .
accessories add color , style and class to an outfit , and create a certain look , but they may also have practical functions . handbags are for carrying small necessary items , hats protect the face from weather , laptops and mobile phones communicate , and gloves keep the hands warm .
there are two kinds of democracy : direct and indirect -lrb- also known as representative democracy -rrb- .
b of the bang was a sculpture in manchester , england , located next to the city of manchester stadium at sportcity . the work was designed by thomas heatherwick .
welch has been diagnosed with dyslexia and dysmetria .
florence leontine mary welch -lrb- born 28 august 1986 in london -rrb- is the daughter of evelyn and nick welch . evelyn welch is a professor of renaissance studies and academic dean for arts at queen mary , university of london and author and formerly a studio 54 regular .
the times described her as `` the most peculiar and most highly acclaimed female singer of the moment '' and `` the latest in a line of great english pop eccentrics '' .
florence and the machine 's music has received praise across the music media , especially from the bbc .
this is because the bbc played a large part in florence and the machine 's rise to prominence by promoting her as part of bbc introducing .
the group played at the concerts for the teenage cancer trust charity event at the royal albert hall in march 2009 . .
in 2006 welch 's performances in small london venues as `` florence robot is a machine '' began to attract notice .
florence and the machine have gained a large amount of support from nme magazine who included them in their annual nme awards tour for 2009 . they supported white lies , friendly fires and glasvegas on the tour .
when i was about an hour away from my first gig , i still did n't have a name , so i thought `` okay , i 'll be florence robot is a machine '' , before realizing that name was so long it 'd drive me mad '' .
welch said that `` the name florence and the machine started off as a private joke that got out of hand .
florence and the machine were part of the 2009 shockwaves nme awards tour .
welch has said that she would like to tour the united states . however , she is fearful of becoming homesick due to the length of time it would take to tour the country .
spin magazine gave lungs four out of five possible stars and wrote , `` youâ ve gotta hand it to the girl : she always makes you feel something '' .
allmusic described lungs as `` one of the most musically mature and emotionally mesmerizing albums of 2009 '' .
in march 2005 , around 8,000 christians went to the stadium . this was the largest act of christian worship in suffolk since american evangelist billy graham used portman road on part of his tour in 1984 .
this increased the number of people it could hold from 22,600 to 30,311 . it is the largest capacity football stadium in east anglia .
more substantial hoarding was erected around the site and demolition firm connell bros ltd. began removing the spikes with oxyacetylene cutting equipment .
the main section of cobbold stand , which used to be called the portman stand , was built in 1971 .
the britannia stand was built in 1952 as a concrete seating area .
portman road hosted ipswich town 's first appearance in european football competition when they defeated floriana of malta 10 â `` 0 in the european cup in 1962 .
the highest seasonal average at the stadium since ipswich turned professional was 26,431 in the 1976 â `` 77 season .
the pitch is surround by four all-seater bleachers : the north stand , the cobbold stand , the greene king stand and the britannia stand .
portman road is an association football stadium in ipswich , suffolk , england .
it was updated in 1990 .
the first professional football team to play at the ground was preston north end in 1892 . they played a match against a suffolk county football association team .
the highest total seasonal attendance was in the 1980 â `` 81 season when the total was more than 814,000 .
the most people to watch a football match at portman road is 38,010 for a match against leeds united in the fa cup sixth round on 8 march 1975 .
the lowest average attendance at portman road was 8,741 in the club 's first professional season , the 1936 â `` 37 season .
the stadium is about 450 y from ipswich railway station . the station is on the main line from london liverpool street to norwich .
the north stand was completely rebuilt in 2001 and has a capacity of around 7,500 .
b of the bang was located next to the city of manchester stadium at sportcity , in beswick , at the corner of alan turing way and ashton new road ; coordinates .
it has staged several other sports events including athletics meetings and international hockey matches .
the stadium also has conference and food facilities , the `` sir bobby robson suite '' , `` legends bar '' and a club store selling ipswich town souvenirs .
the contract was signed in may 1994 , with the major technology supplier being the erg group .
public field trials were carried out on buses from august 20 1996 , and on rail services from september 18 1996 .
the state government renegotiated with ticketing network contract operator onelink transit systems to improve the service to commuters .
usability was also improved , with tram machines able to sell daily tickets .
in march 2007 the nightrider bus service was also brought under the metcard system .
mikhail vasilyevich nesterov -lrb- , ufa â `` october 18 , 1942 , moscow -rrb- was a russian painter . he was a very important painter for religious symbolism in russian art .
in 2005 the contract was changed to permit the system to be extended and changed as work on the replacement myki project keeps going , with the contract being able to be canceled on six months notice .
the system commenced full revenue service from may 1998 at a cost of $ 330 million .
hã rcules de miranda -lrb- born 2 july , 1912 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
one creates the substantives and adjectives by removing the endings and thus obtaining the root .
infinitives of verbs in the language occidental have usually the ending - ar or - er .
the root is obtained in the following manner :
although the council had earlier promised to store the complex central core and legs , these too were cut apart during removal , casting doubt on future prospects for the landmark sculpture 's return .
after adding - r or - er , one obtains an infinitive in a majority of cases : decora\/t\/ion , decora\/t - , decora\/r .
de wahl 's rule is a rule of word formation , developed by the linguist edgar de wahl and applied in a constructed language occidental -lrb- known also as `` interlingue '' -rrb- created by him .
enzo bearzot -lrb- 26 september 1927 - 21 december 2010 -rrb- was a former italian football player .
there are also a number of books dealing with the kurds in turkey .
ragä p zarakolu grew up with members of the greek and armenian minority in turkey and began writing for `` ant '' and `` yeni ufuklar '' magazines in 1968 .
on his release zarakolu refused to abandon his work for freedom of thought , because he wanted different thoughts and cultures to be available in turkey .
the series of 35 books consisted of poems , shorts stories , novels .
he also published several books on the armenian genocide -- such as george jerjian 's book history will free all of us\/turkish-armenian conciliation and professor dora sakayan 's an armenian doctor in turkey : garabed hatcherian : my smyrna ordeal of 1922 -- which brought new criminal charges in 2005 .
the list of publications -lrb- see a list of selected publications below -rrb- include more than 10 books -lrb- translations -rrb- of greek literature , 10 books on the armenian question and five books related to the jews in turkey .
since his wife 's death in 2002 , zarakolu continues to face further prosecutions .
he spent five months in prison before being declared innocent .
ragä p zarakolu -lrb- born 1948 -rrb- is a turkish publisher who has long faced legal problems for publishing books on controversial things in turkey , especially on minority and human rights in turkey .
in 1986 he became one of 98 starters of the human rights association in turkey -lrb- hra or in turkish ihd -rrb- .
in 1972 ragä p zarakolu was sentenced to 2 years in prison for his paragraph in the journal ant -lrb- oath -rrb- on ho chi minh and the vietnam war .
thoissey is a commune .
a bushel is abbreviated as bsh .
wancourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the 5th century is the century from 401 to 500 .
josã lã zaro robles -lrb- born 11 february , 1924 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
the einstein field equations , or einstein-hilbert equations , or simply einstein equations are equations that describe gravity in the classical sense .
the einstein field equations , or einstein-hilbert equations , or simply einstein equations are equations that describe gravity in the classical sense . they are named after albert einstein and david hilbert .
the earth sciences include the study of the atmosphere , oceans and biosphere , as well as the solid earth .
typically earth scientists will use tools from physics , chemistry , biology , chronology and mathematics to understand the earth , and how it evolved to its current state .
earth science is an all-embracing term for the sciences related to the planet earth . earth science may also be called geoscience .
-lrb- 5 -rrb- he graduated from hampton grammar school with ten gce ordinary levels and four advanced levels in physics , mathematics , applied mathematics and additional mathematics .
they are grouped according to how the jaw looks like and how the molar teeth look like .
britpop came out of the british independent music scene of the 1990s and affected , or changed , by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this kind of music began as a reaction against some trends , or styles , in the late 1980s and early 1990s , such as grunge from the united states .
the plural lyrics was used only in referring to the words of several songs . that it is used for the words of a single song as its lyrics became increasingly common -lrb- probably because of the association between lyrics and the plural form words -rrb- , and is common in modern usage of today 's society .
the united states music publishers ' association -lrb- mpa -rrb- , which represents sheet music companies , created a campaign against such sites in december 2005 . mpa president lauren keiser said that the sites are `` completely illegal '' and that he wanted to see some site operators put in prison .
the meaning of `` claret '' has changed over time , and now means a dry , dark red bordeaux wine .
in the late middle ages , a claret was a spiced wine-based drink produced by pouring wine , usually a red , over a bag containing a mix of spices .
the term now more often applies to unspiced red bordeaux wine .
it used to be more of a rosã , which is why its name is based on the french word clairet , meaning pale .
spices that were specific to medieval clarets include anise , caraway , cardamom , cinnamon and fennel .
as the taste for clairet developed in england `` claret '' was adopted to describe it .
the standard style of bordeaux wine has not always been deep red .
robert f. `` bob '' sauvã -lrb- born june 17 , 1955 , in sainte-genevi ã ve , quebec -rrb- was a canadian professional ice hockey goaltender . he is currently a player agent .
after she was murdered in the russian revolution of 1917 , she was canonized as a passion bearer by the russian orthodox church .
her french teacher pierre gilliard said maria was tall and healthy , with rosy cheeks .
the governess and alexandra wanted her to go to bed as a punishment , but nicholas said no. . he said , `` i was always afraid -lrb- fearful -rrb- of the wings growing .
duroplast is a resin plastic made up mixing formica and bakelite reinforced with fibers -lrb- either cotton or wool -rrb- or glass fibers .
however , further remains were discovered in 2007 , and dna proved at last that the entire imperial family had been murdered in 1918 .
eagar remarked that maria loved her father deeply . she often tried to run away from the nursery to `` go to papa '' .
when she lived , maria was not old enough to be a red cross nurse like her sisters . instead , she was patroness of a hospital and visited wounded soldiers .
when her father was ill with typhoid , maria covered a small picture of him with kisses every night .
tatiana botkina thought maria 's eyes were `` soft and gentle . ''
she was very interested in the lives of the soldiers , and had several innocent crushes on the young men she met .
it was also made of recycled material , cotton waste from russia and phenol resins from the east german dye industry making the trabant the first car with a body made of recycled material .
she was an older sister of grand duchess anastasia nikolaevna of russia . her sister anastasia was famous for stories about her escape from the murder of the royal family for almost 90 years .
when she was young , maria once ran away from her bath and ran naked -lrb- without clothes -rrb- all around the palace . her irish nurse , margaretta eager , who was talking about politics with a friend , did not even notice .
people described maria as a pretty , flirtatious girl . she was plump , with light brown hair and big blue eyes that her family called `` marie 's saucers '' .
cambuslang -lrb- scottish gaelic for camas long from camas - river bend , long - ship -rrb- is a town on the south-eastern outskirts of glasgow , scotland located within the local authority area of south lanarkshire .
from 1890 to 1910 , nesterov lived in kiev and st petersburg , working on frescoes in st. vladimir 's cathedral and the church on spilt blood , respectively .
duroplast can not be completely recycled , and burning it produces toxic fumes , so disposing of the bodies of old trabants is a problem .
decatur is a city in the state of indiana , in the united states .
mariã n gã borã k -lrb- born february 14 , 1982 in trenä ã n , czechoslovakia -rrb- is a slovak ice hockey right winger the plays for the new york rangers of the national hockey league .
the dyk section gives publicity to interesting facts from wikipedia articles , as a way of thanking the editors who work on those articles and to encourage other editors to contribute to and improve that article and the encyclopedia .
wikipedia : did you know -lrb- dyk -rrb- is the project page for coordinating the content of the `` did you know ... '' section on the main page .
more general discussion of the main page takes place at talk : main page , and errors are reported at simple talk .
a dyk suggestion goes through three steps before appearing in the did you know section on the main page .
duroplast was used by eastern european automobile manufacturer veb sachsenring automobilwerke zwickau to produce the body of the popular trabant motor car , toilet seats , and parts for the bmw x3 .
takashi kuramoto -lrb- born 8 august 1984 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
a shinigami -lrb- soul reaper or , literally , `` death god '' -rrb- named rukia kuchiki , meets ichigo while hunting an evil spirit known as a hollow .
ichigo kurosaki is a teenager who has always been able to see spirits .
it does not form part of the orbital resonance that affects three inner galilean satellites , io , europa and ganymede .
because it can be made in a press similar to shaping steel , it 's easy to produced .
this is thought to result from the degradation of small landforms , caused through sublimation , which is supported by the general lack of small impact craters and the presence of numerous small knobs , considered to be their remains .
of the four galilean moons of jupiter , callisto is the farthest , with an orbital radius of about 1,880,000 kilometres .
compounds on the surface include water ice , carbon dioxide , silicates , and organics .
like the earth 's moon , callisto rotates synchronously with its orbital period .
on a smaller scale , the surface is diverse and is made up of small bright frost deposits at around hill tops , surrounded by a smooth blanket of dark material in valleys .
the surface does not show any sign of processes occurring below the surface such as plate tectonics , earthquakes or volcanoes , and is thought to have evolved mainly under the influence of meteorite impacts .
callisto is almost the same size as the planet mercury , being 99 % the diameter of the planet , but is much less massive .
a berlin biotechnology company claims that it has developed a solution to the duroplast problem : a bacterium that will eat a trabant in 20 days and leave only compost .
charmin is a toilet paper brand it was made since 1928 , made by procter & gamble .
the building was sold and became the aon center in 1999 .
at first it was named the standard oil building , but when the name of the company changed in 1985 it became the amoco building .
satoshi taira -lrb- born 16 july 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
soju is a distilled drink . soju literally means `` burned liquor '' .
it is at the western end of the island of cuba .
the best tobacco , used for more expensive cigar brands , is grown in the flat lands of san juan y martã nez .
the province relies on tobacco farming , with pinar del rã o producing 70 % of cuba 's crop , used to make the cigars that are so prized overseas .
these form a landscape characterised by steep sided limestone hills and flat , fertile valleys .
it is made from chromium ore and is part of the process for making chromium metal .
chromium -lrb- iii -rrb- oxide is a dark green chemical that has a formula of cr2o3 .
it is made from chromium ore and is part of the process for making chromium metal . it was used as a pigment .
francismar carioca de oliveira -lrb- born 18 april 1984 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
things like latex , resins and mucilage are found in some kinds of plant sap .
one of them is maple syrup . maple syrup is made using sap from sugar maple trees .
joã # o pessoa is a brazilian city , capital of the state of paraã ba .
a.s. lucchese libertas 1905 is a football club which plays in italy .
there are only two unnamed parameters , the color of the game being referenced -lrb- red , leafgreen , pearl -rrb- , and the relevant quote from the pokedex .
the first parameter is not case-sensitive so firered = firered = firered .
if the brain does not make enough dopamine , it causes an illness called parkinson 's disease . this can be treated by giving the parkinson 's disease patient a drug called l-dopa , which the body converts to dopamine .
dopamine is an important chemical found in the brain .
hydrogen is also a part of water .
hydrogen is a chemical element . its atomic number is 1 , which makes it the simplest element in the entire universe .
chuck knoblauch was a baseball player for the new york yankees .
the website publishes information about celebrity and related entertainment news through a series of articles , entertainment profiles , actor biographies and user forums .
as major streets of moscow radiate from here in all directions , being promoted to major highways outside the city , the red square is often considered the central square of moscow and of all russia .
red square -lrb- russian : ð ñ ð ñ ð 1\/2 ð ñ ð ð '' ð 3\/4 ñ ð ð ñ , krasnaya ploshchad -rrb- is the most famous city square in moscow , russia .
the other coordinate is the declination .
ra ; symbol î -rrb- is the astronomical word for one of the two coordinates of a point on the celestial sphere when using the equatorial coordinate system .
the scion xb is a car made by toyota for the united states and is sold under the scion brand .
buddytv is an entertainment-based website based in seattle , washington , which generates content about television programs and sporting events .
haruna babangida -lrb- born 1 october 1982 -rrb- is a nigerian football player .
the 1976 atlantic hurricane season started on june 1 , 1976 and ended november 30 , 1976 .
none of the names from the 1976 season were retired .
tarsiers can catch prey like birds even if they are in motion as the tarsiers jump from tree to tree to catch their prey .
unlike many nocturnal animals , tarsiers lack a light-reflecting area -lrb- tapetum lucidum -rrb- of the eye .
they are nocturnal , and are the only wholly carnivorous primates . they mainly eat insects , and catch them by jumping at them .
kenji arima -lrb- born 26 november 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
paderborn has got a soccer team in the 2nd league in germany -lrb- sc paderborn 07 -rrb- and a basketball team in the 1st german league -lrb- paderborn baskets -rrb- .
the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 , most commonly referred to as the stimulus bill or stimulus package , was a spending bill passed by the u.s. congress in 2009 .
andrew mark cuomo is the 56th and current governor of new york state .
he was 64th new york state attorney general and the 11th united states secretary of housing and urban development .
where is the magnitude of the physical stimulus , is the psychophysical function capturing sensation -lrb- the subjective size of the stimulus -rrb- , is an exponent that depends on the type of stimulation and is a proportionality constant that depends on the type of stimulation and the units used .
an interesting feature of the above solutions is that when two or more of the lengths are the same -lrb- e.g. -rrb- , there are multiple wavefunctions corresponding to the same total energy .
as a devout orthodox christian , he did not accept the bolshevik revolution but remained in russia until his death , painting the portraits of ivan ilyin , ivan pavlov , otto schmidt , and vera mukhina , among others .
in quantum mechanics , the wavefunction gives the most fundamental description of the behavior of a particle ; the measurable properties of the particle -lrb- such as its position , momentum and energy -rrb- may all be derived from the wavefunction .
in classical systems , for example a ball trapped inside a heavy box , the particle can move at any speed within the box and it is no more likely to be found at one position than another .
likewise , it can never have zero energy , meaning that the particle can never `` sit still '' .
the size -lrb- or amplitude -rrb- of the wavefunction at a given position is related to the probability of finding a particle there by . therefore , , or .
for the above case two of the lengths are equal so the system is symmetric with respect to a 90 â rotation .
this can be explained in terms of the uncertainty principle , which states that the product of the uncertainties in the position and momentum of a particle is limited by
cã cents rna is a commune found in dolj county , romania .
additionally , it is more likely to be found at certain positions than at others , depending on its energy level .
it can be shown that the uncertainty in the position of the particle is proportional to the width of the box .
this situation is called degeneracy and for the case where exactly two degenerate wavefunctions have the same energy that energy level is said to be doubly degenerate .
where is the reduced planck constant , is the mass of the particle , is the imaginary unit and is time .
here , the particle may only move backwards and forwards along a straight line with impenetrable barriers at either end .
this means that the observable properties of the particle -lrb- such as its energy and position -rrb- are related to the mass of the particle and the width of the well by simple mathematical expressions .
thus , the uncertainty in momentum is roughly inversely proportional to the width of the box .
himmler 's ss -lrb- thetotenkopfverbã nde -rrb- organized and administered germanyâ s regime of concentration camps and , after 1941 , the holocaust in poland .
see also : the history of quantum mechanics .
the kinetic energy of a particle is given by , and hence the minimum kinetic energy of the particle in a box is inversely proportional to the mass and the square of the well width , in qualitative agreement with the calculation above .
the ss , through its security service -lrb- sicherheitsdienst , or sd -rrb- , hunted down jews , gypsies , communists and any persons who the nazis believed to be either untermensch -lrb- sub-human -rrb- or against the regime . they were brought to concentration camps .
this means that no forces act upon the particle inside the box and it can move freely in that region .
due to its simplicity , the model allows insight into quantum effects without the need for complicated mathematics .
degeneracy results from symmetry in the system .
himmler opened the first of these camps at dachau on 22 march 1933 .
the 1928 summer olympics , officially known as the games of the ix olympiad , were held in 1928 in amsterdam , netherlands . amsterdam had made a bid for the 1920 and 1924 olympic games , but had to give way to war-victim belgium and de coubertin 's paris before finally being awarded with the organization .
valeri bojinov -lrb- born 15 february 1986 -rrb- is a bulgarian football player .
silvio sergio bonaccorsi barbato -lrb- born candeias -lrb- minas gerais -rrb- -lrb- brazil -rrb- , 11 may 1959 ; died either in or over the mid-atlantic ocean , on the air france flight 447 , 1 june 2009 -rrb- was an italian-brazilian opera conductor and composer .
he was on board an air france aeroplane flying from rio de janeiro to paris early on 1 june 2009 when it mysteriously crashed over the atlantic ocean .
a mixed drink is a type of drink where two or more diffent drinks are mixed together to create a new drink . very often , at least one of the ingredients contains alcohol .
today , this replica serves as the cornerstone of port-royal national historic site of canada , and together with the nearby fort anne national historic site of canada in annapolis royal , continues to remind of this important historic region for canadians and visitors .
poutrincourt 's son gave the settlement to charles de saint - ã tienne de la tour upon his own death in 1623 .
the habitation at port-royal was an early french colonial settlement . today it is a national historic site in port royal in the canadian province of nova scotia .
in 2002 , because of the september 11 attacks in 2001 , congress passed a bill called the homeland security act , which created the department of homeland security .
the united states department of homeland security -lrb- dhs -rrb- , commonly known in the united states as `` homeland security '' , is a cabinet department of the u.s. federal government with the duty of protecting the u.s. from terrorist attacks and helping when there is a natural disasters .
in 2002 , because of the september 11 attacks in 2001 , congress passed a bill called the homeland security act , which created the department of homeland security . tom ridge was the first leader of the department of homeland security .
teams in bold are currently in the division .
the nhl 's northeast division was formed in 1993 as part of the eastern conference in a league adjustment , the predecessor of which was the adams division .
although none of its members have won the stanley cup since the adjustment , its members account for a combined 42 stanley cup championships -lrb- 24 by montreal , 13 by toronto , and 5 by boston -rrb- , which is the most championships of any division in the nhl .
steven john `` steve '' carell -lrb- born august 16 , 1962 -rrb- is an american actor , producer , writer and comedian .
the national basketball league is a basketball competition in australasia . it 's current sponsor is iinet , so it is also known as the iinet nbl championship .
hiking can quickly become a fight for living . for the reason everything in hiking is very important .
some anaerobic bacteria produce toxins -lrb- e.g. , tetanus or botulinum toxins -rrb- that are highly dangerous to higher organisms , including humans .
in the presence of oxygen , facultative anaerobes use aerobic respiration ; without oxygen some of them ferment , some use anaerobic respiration .
obligate anaerobes may use fermentation or anaerobic respiration .
an anaerobic organism is any living thing that does not need oxygen for growth .
in railway timetables 24:00 means the end of the day .
to write shop opening hours until midnight use , for example , `` 00:00 -- 24:00 '' , `` 07:00 -- 24:00 '' .
his canvas the vision of the youth bartholomew -lrb- 1890 â `` 91 -rrb- is often considered to mark the inauguration of the russian symbolist movement . this painting shows the conversion of sergii radonezhsky .
the tribune is a member of the los angeles newspaper group , a division of medianews group .
midnight is called 24:00 if used to mean the end of the day and 00:00 if used to mean the beginning of the day . for example , you would say `` tuesday at 24:00 '' and `` wednesday at 00:00 '' to mean the exact same time .
to convert between the 12-hour clock and the 24-hour clock , use the table to the right .
it is run by the aberdeen city council education department .
aberdeen grammar school is one of the twelve secondary schools run by the government in the city of aberdeen , scotland .
he is famous for his description of greece , a lengthy work that describes ancient greece from firsthand observations . he is a crucial link between classical literature and modern archaeology .
crossing over to italy , he had seen something of the cities of campania and of the wonders of rome .
in egypt he had seen the pyramids , while at the temple of ammon he had been shown the hymn once sent to that shrine by pindar .
he was one of the first to write of seeing the ruins of troy , alexandria troas , and mycenae .
pausanias was probably a native of lydia ; he was certainly familiar with the western coast of asia minor , but his travels extended far beyond the limits of ionia .
nielles-l ã s-bl ã quin is a commune .
nielles-l ã s-bl ã quin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
british historian perry anderson 's history of the term and its understanding , ` the origins of postmodernity ' , explains these apparent contradictions , and demonstrates the importance of `` postmodernism '' as a category and a phenomenon in the analysis of contemporary culture .
postmodernist ideas can be seen in philosophy , the analysis of culture and society , literature , architecture , and design . changes in history , law and culture came in the late 20th century .
in 1976 , the government decided to have a single military headquarters .
in 1949 the term was used to describe a dissatisfaction with modern architecture , leading to the postmodern architecture movement .
postmodern architecture returns to surface ornament , historical reference in decorative forms , and non-orthogonal angles -lrb- less box-like shapes -rrb- .
postmodernist thought is an intentional departure from modernist approaches that had previously been dominant .
while the term `` postmodern '' and its derivatives are freely used , with some uses apparently contradicting others , those outside the academic milieu have described it as merely a buzzword that means nothing .
these developments were a re-evaluation of the entire western value system : -lrb- love , marriage , popular culture , and a shift from industrial to service economy -rrb- . all that took place since the 1950s and 1960s , and are described with the term postmodernity , as opposed to postmodernism , a term referring to an opinion or movement .
postmodernism has influenced many cultural fields , including literary criticism , philosophy , sociology , linguistics , architecture , visual arts , and music .
nicklas bendtner -lrb- born 16 january 1988 -rrb- is a danish football player . he plays for arsenal and denmark national team .
some blisters , however , are filled with blood ; they are called blood blisters .
at first the australian government set up three separate armed services .
most blisters are filled with a clear fluid called serum or plasma -lrb- blister water -rrb- .
jpg thumb -lrb- 800x600 -rrb- px right 1988-1996 pontiac grand prix -rrb- -rrb- the pontiac grand prix is an american car . it was first introduced around 1962 .
the vehicle was distributed through the pontiac division of general motors .
the marriage had been arranged by maria antonia 's half brother , the ruling ferdinand vi of spain .
he was styled as the duke of savoy from birth .
he died at the castle of moncalieri having suffered an attack of apoplexy .
he had a loving relationship with his wife who exerted little influence over her husband -rrb- .
it is made up of the royal australian navy , the australian army , the royal australian air force and a number of joint groups .
as a young prince , he surrounded himself with intellectuals and stayed far from public life .
he died leaving an economically damaged kingdom and two key provinces -- savoy and nice -- devastated having suffered at the hands of french revolutionary forces .
victor amadeus iii -lrb- vittorio amadeo maria ; 26 june 1726 -- 16 october 1796 -rrb- was king of sardinia from 1773 until his death .
he married maria antonia of spain -lrb- 1729 â `` 1785 -rrb- , youngest daughter of philip v of spain and elisabeth farnese , on 31 may 1750 at oulx and later had twelve children .
rutaceae is a commonly known as the rue or citrus family , is a family of flowering plants , usually placed in the order sapindales .
you may start a new page with the name you want to direct from -lrb- see starting a new page -rrb- . you can also use an existing page that you are making inactive as a page by going to that page and using the `` edit '' tab at the top .
if you do need to delete a redirect , e.g. if the page name is offensive , or you wish to discourage people from referring to a concept by that name , then you simply go to the redirect page as mentioned above , and follow the procedures at deleting a page .
the australian defense force -lrb- adf -rrb- is the military organization responsible for the defense of australia .
you can view the history of the page , including a record of the redirect .
a double redirect is a page redirecting to a page which is itself a redirect , and it will not work .
instead , people will be presented with a view of the next redirect page .
a double redirect is a page redirecting to a page which is itself a redirect , and it will not work . instead , people will be presented with a view of the next redirect page .
you can edit the page if the redirect is wrong , and you can revert to an older version to remove the redirect .
you can view the history of the page , including a record of the redirect . you can edit the page if the redirect is wrong , and you can revert to an older version to remove the redirect .
however , please be aware of wikipedia 's policy that biographical information about living persons must not be libelous .
any controversial statements about a living person added to an article , or any other wikipedia page , must include proper sources .
progressive judaism , sometimes called reform judaism is a movement within judaism .
simencourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
chase 's first movie role came in 1998 when she did the lead role as the voice of a hawaiian girl , lilo pelekai , in the disney animated movie , lilo & stitch .
daveigh elizabeth chase -lrb- born july 24 , 1990 -rrb- is an american actress and singer . she is most well know for her voice acting as lilo in the movie lilo & stitch and the series lilo & stitch : the series .
in 2007 , chase was in the hbo drama series big love . the series is about an flds polygamist , played by bill paxton , and his relationship with his 3 wives .
in 2002 , chase played samara morgan in the ring .
in 2001 , chase did the role as the voice of the lead character , chihiro ogino , a 10 year old japanese girl , in the american version of the animated japanese movie , spirited away .
chase 's main other major movie and television credits between 2000-2005 were donnie darko -lrb- 2001 -rrb- as donnie 's younger sister , samantha , and oliver beene -lrb- 2003-2004 -rrb- , as oliver 's friend joyce .
chase won an annie award for this in 2003 .
in 1999 , she joined a small band as lead singer . the band has been the opening act for reba mcentire .
she was picked by steven spielberg to sing `` god bless america '' in a.i. .
paul gascoigne -lrb- born 27 may 1967 -rrb- is a former english football player .
its first real inn opened in the 1770s , in the street then called ` berliner straã e ' -lrb- now otto-suhr-allee -rrb- , and many other inns and beer gardens were to follow , popular for weekend parties especially .
charlottenburg was an independent city to the west of berlin until 1920 . then it was made part of groã - berlin -lrb- greater berlin -rrb- and turned into a borough .
just after the death of sophie charlotte , the village near the palace was called ` charlottenburg ' and the palace itself schloss charlottenburg , and the settlement was chartered as a town .
the advertising council , mostly called as the ad council , is an american non-profit organization that creates public service announcements on behalf of sponsors , including non-profit organizations and the united states government .
napoleon occupied the palace , while his troops camped nearby .
juni -lrb- 17th june street -rrb- , former charlottenburger chaussee , which runs through the park , connects it with the historic center of berlin .
in the late 18th century , charlottenburg 's development did not depend only on the crown .
the advertising council was created in 1941 , and shortly after , in february 1942 , it was registered as the the war advertising council for the purpose of being in the advertising industry in support of the war effort .
nobuhiro kato -lrb- born 11 december 1984 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
he plays for urawa red diamonds .
maid marian was the female companion of the outlaw robin hood .
the term algae is now used for eukaryotic organisms .
however , algae are definitely not a monophyletic group , as they do not all descend from a common algal ancestor .
algae are a large and diverse group of simple , typically autotrophic organisms , ranging from unicellular to multicellular forms .
they are photosynthetic , like plants , and `` simple '' because they lack the many distinct organs found in land plants .
nearly all algae have photosynthetic machinery ultimately derived from the cyanobacteria , and so produce oxygen as a by-product of photosynthesis , unlike other photosynthetic bacteria such as purple and green bacteria .
though the prokaryotic cyanobacteria -lrb- formerly referred to as blue-green algae -rrb- were included as `` algae '' in older textbooks , this is outdated .
all true algae therefore have a nucleus enclosed within a membrane and chloroplasts bound in one or more membranes .
some unicellular species rely entirely on external energy sources and have limited or no photosynthetic apparatus .
algae lack the various structures that characterize land plants , such as leaves , roots , and other organs that are found in plants .
goose lake is a city of iowa in the united states .
the advertising council does not make public service advertisements for itself but it acts as a creator of them for others .
it was given an australian-only single release and was also a radio single in the united states .
cosmic background microwave radiation -lrb- cmb radiation -rrb- is radiation in the microwave part of the electromagnetic spectrum , which comes from all directions in outer space .
the mangla dam project in the early sixties resulted in the displacement of a large number of people , who under an agreement between the pakistan government and the british government , were allowed to settle in the uk , where they are usually known as mirpuri and play a role in the british society , economy , and politics .
consequently , fiscal issues , i.e. budget and tax affairs have been dealt with by the ` azad jammu & kashmir council ' , instead of the central board of revenue . azad jammu & kashmir council is a supreme body , consisting of 11 members - 6 of these members are from the government of azad jammu & kashmir , and 5 members are from the government of pakistan .
it was started in 1988 by joining the liberal party , which had been a powerful political party in britain in the 19th and early 20th centuries , and the social democratic party , which had been formed from the labor party in 1981 .
ghana national football team is the national football team of ghana .
the detroit wolverines were a 19th century major league baseball team that played in the national league from 1881 to 1888 in the city of detroit .
peuplingues is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
matt a fourteen your old boy living on long island in 1973 takes a job with dan a clam digger .
jazzy and matt become kissing cousins until jazzy becomes interested in another boy .
ralph fletch drew up on own experiences in being a clam digger when he was between seventeen and twenty years old .
dan says `` the old salts say you can set your watch by it . ''
naoki sakai -lrb- born 2 august 1975 -rrb- is a former japansse football player .
p101 it is not known if the spines are venomous -lrb- unlike the pedicellariae between the spines , which are venomous -rrb- .
the spines inflict a painful wound when they penetrate human skin , but are usually not dangerous .
diadema antillarum , familiar in the caribbean , has thin , potentially dangerous spines that can reach 10 t long .
sea urchins are one of the favorite foods of sea otters and is also wolf eels .
like other echinoderms they have five-fold symmetry -lrb- called pentamerism -rrb- and move by means of hundreds of tiny , transparent , adhesive ` tube feet ' .
the symmetry is not obvious in the living animal , but is easily visible in the dried test .
germagnat is a commune .
typical sea urchins have spines that are 1 t in length , 1 t thick , and not terribly sharp .
the spines are long and sharp in some species , and protect the urchin from predators .
marco antã nio -lrb- born 6 february , 1951 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
it was the second most played game on the xbox 360 's online service , xbox live , in 2006 - only beaten by halo 3 .
gears of war was very successful .
jens jeremies -lrb- born 5 march , 1974 -rrb- is a former german football player .
ammit was the egyptian idea of the punishment of the soul . ammit was believed to eat any souls found to have sin .
this maneuver has a wrestler lift their opponent on their back in a fireman 's carry position . grab their opponent 's leg lift that side up and over turning to face their opponent in the process and then slam them to the mat .
the people of piranshahr is composed of kurds . the people of piranshahr are called piranshahri but this term is also applied to those people who live in the neighburing communities .
it came out in her album oral fixation vol .
hips do n't lie is a 2006 latin pop hit song by columbian singer shakira and wyclef jean .
non-native speakers who are competent in spanish may find the chilean variety to be difficult to understand unless they have built up an ear for it .
an art museum or art gallery is a place where works of arts are shown for people to look at . these works of art are usually paintings , but they can also be sculptures , photographs or other visual art works .
they were used during the pre-tops period .
they were also classified as british rail class eb1 for a short period of time , although only a single locomotive was completely modified to eb1 condition .
' is a province of china , located in the middle reaches of the yangtze river and south of lake dongting -lrb- hence the name hunan , meaning `` south of the lake '' -rrb- .
the international bluegrass music association , or ibma , is a trade association to promote bluegrass music .
the east bay is a subregion of the san francisco bay area , california , united states .
in 1988 they announced plans to create the international bluegrass music museum as a joint venture with riverpark center in owensboro .
carlos marchena -lrb- born 31 july 1979 -rrb- is a spanish football player .
one of the main source of dispute during his lifetime and continuing since then , is mirza ghulam ahmad 's use of the terms â nabiâ -lrb- prophet -rrb- and â rasoolâ -lrb- messenger -rrb- when referring to himself .
his followers fall into two camps in this regards , the ahmadiyya muslim community who believe in a literal interpretation of mirza ghulam ahmad 's prophet hood -lrb- with some qualifications -rrb- , and the lahore ahmadiyya movement who believe in an allegorical interpretation of these two terms .
followers of mirza ghulam ahmad have been officially declared as non-muslims by some of the largest muslim countries and have faced relentless persecution of various types over the years .
in 1984 , a series of changes in the pakistan penal code sections relating to blasphemy that , in essence , made it illegal for ahmadis to preach their religion openly as islam , leading to arrests and prosecutions .
the vogelsberg is about 19 million years old and is germany 's only shield volcano and the largest basalt formation of central europe . it consists of many layers which fall downward from their peak in ring-shaped terraces to the base .
the vogelsberg mountains are a group of low mountains in central germany , located in the middle of the state of hessen . they are the product of ancient volcanic activity and are separated from the rhã n mountains by the fulda river and its valley .
the city-state of sparta , and much of the eastern mediterranean , was also struck by the disease .
the plague returned twice more , in 429 bc and in the winter of 427\/6 bc .
many historians believe that it entered athens through piraeus , the city 's port and sole source of food and supplies .
the plague of athens was an epidemic which hit the city-state of athens in ancient greece during the second year of the peloponnesian war -lrb- 430 bc -rrb- , when an athenian victory still seemed possible .
sean bergenheim -lrb- born february 8 , 1984 in helsinki , finland -rrb- is a professional finnish ice hockey left winger that currently plays for the tampa bay lightning of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
there are also several colleges , including the california institute of technology . pasadena has an arts scene , with many famous people acting at the pasadena civic auditorium or pasadena playhouse or putting paintings in the norton simon museum .
assigned the country calling code +672 , four antarctic bases operated by australia can be reached by direct calling from anywhere in the world .
the first issues came in 1957 , and sporadically thereafter , settling into a pattern of an annual issue by the 1990s .
the australian antarctic territory -lrb- aat -rrb- is the part of antarctica claimed by australia and is the largest part of antarctica claimed by any nation .
the area codes are 10-6 for davis , 11-7 for mawson , 12-8 for casey and 13-9 for macquarie island , in each case followed by three additional digits .
gai assulin -lrb- born 9 april 1991 -rrb- is an israeli football player . he has played for israel national team .
in 2001 , it was revealed that people in enron were involved in accounting fraud .
thirty 4-car units were built , formed of two outer driving motor vehicles , sandwiching two intermediate trailers .
enron creditors recovery corporation -lrb- formerly enron corporation , nyse ticker symbol ene -rrb- was an american energy company based in houston , texas .
a microtiter plate -lrb- sometimes called a microplate -rrb- is a flat plate with lots of `` wells '' used as small test tubes .
the `` active worlds browser '' runs on windows .
users assign themselves a user name , log into the active worlds virtual world universe , and explore 3d virtual worlds and environments that other users have created .
aw allows users to own worlds and universes , and develop 3d content .
users can chat with one another or build structures and areas from a selection of objects .
most of the pokã mon video games are based on catching , training , battling , collecting , and trading pokã mon , and the player is a pokã mon trainer who does all these things .
his most famous pokã mon , and probably the most famous pokã mon , is pikachu .
a number of pokã mon video games have been released , all on nintendo game systems , as the pokã mon company is owned by nintendo .
an episode of the simpsons called `` thirty minutes over tokyo '' made fun of `` dennå senshi porygon '' .
there is also a special kind of pokã mon in the trading card game called `` ex '' pokã mon. ex pokã mon are stronger than regular ones , but when they are knocked out , the player 's opponent draws two of their prize cards -lrb- with regular pokã mon it is just one . -rrb-
so did an episode of south park called `` chinpokomon '' .
x. '' in the heartgold soulsilver expansion they released new cards that are two cards but count as one pokemon and when knocked out the opponent gets two prize cards . they are called legends cards and are similar to ex cards .
valeri nepomniachi -lrb- born 7 august 1943 -rrb- is a russian football manager .
players use pokã mon cards to battle each other .
not long after pokã mon red and blue -lrb- the first pokã mon video games -rrb- were released , a pokã mon anime was created .
he was the head of antiquities in egypt in the 19th century . he excavated in memphis and dashur , providing many drawings of many egyptian pyramids .
at first , the ain had 9 districts , 49 cantons and 501 communes .
the first inhabitants of the ain arrived around 15000 b.c. .
the menhir of simandre-sur-suran is from that era .
the revolution does not claim many victims in the department , but it destroys many churches and momuments are destroyed .
it was used for the production of brass in the city of stolberg .
the departments of ain and lã man are created during the french revolution .
nelson luã s kerchner -lrb- born 31 december 1962 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
ã trelles-sur-aube is a commune of the aube dã partement in the north-central part of france .
the lancaster barnstormers ' rival is the york revolution .
the lancaster barnstormers are an atlantic league of professional baseball team from lancaster , pennsylvania .
`` saint francis catholic church '' was made by `` catholic immigrants '' from ireland , but later the parish merge with `` saint joseph catholic church '' in argyle , wisconsin and the church was eventually torn down ; only the cemetery remains intact .
he has also worked as a character designer for the animated series family guy .
georg stollenwerk -lrb- born 19 december , 1930 -rrb- is a former german football player .
vã tor baã a -lrb- born 15 october 1969 -rrb- is a former portuguese football player .
however , polgar requested a postponement because she was pregnant and also fide had been unable to find a satisfactory sponsor .
they had two sons , tom and leeam , but later divorced .
polgar is also a chess journalist , with columns in chess life , chess life for kids , chesscafe , chess horizons , georgia chess , chessville , empire chess , school mates , and europe echecs .
polgar is head of the susan polgar institute for chess excellence at texas tech university , and a chess writer and promoter .
the pov of the editor-in-chief : \* wikizine is small in the number of staff members and readers : \* wikizine will never ever knowingly report lies : \* wikizine makes no guarantee of validity : \* wikizine considers itself an independent publication : \* wikizine is not a publication of the wikimedia foundation : \* wikizine is ugly and proud of it .
this was not her first olympiad : she has a total of ten olympiad medals -lrb- five gold , four silver , and one bronze -rrb- .
nona gaprindashvili was awarded the grandmaster title in 1978 mainly as a result of winning lone pine international 1977 , but she did not quite make the usual 24 games required at that time .
polgar sued in the court of arbitration for sport in lausanne , switzerland for monetary damages and the restoration of her title .
overall , the team won the silver medal , and polgar won an individual gold medal .
in 1994 , polgar married computer consultant jacob shutzman , and moved to new york .
news items that are only for a specific wiki is not included . : \* the target audience are sysops and higher , ambassadors , board members of the chapters : \* it is written in english but it is for people from many languages : \* it is hoped that the readers will spread the news that is relevant for their home-wiki to their local community and that they report news back upstream so it can be shared with the rest of the wikimedia community : \* it is pov .
roddenberry was married twice and had three children . he married eileen rexroat first , and they were married for 27 years .
he divorced rexroat and married barrett in japan in a traditional shinto ceremony on august 6 , 1969 . they had a son , eugene wesley , jr. .
at the bottom of the gulf of finland is russia and its most important coast city st. petersburg .
gulf of finland is a body of water that points east from the baltic sea with finland on its north side and estonia on its south side .
a soap bubble is a very thin film of soap water .
toshiya ishii -lrb- born 19 january 1978 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
microsoft excel -lrb- full name microsoft office excel -rrb- is a spreadsheet application -lrb- program -rrb- . it is made by microsoft and it is proprietary software .
the current versions are 2010 for windows and 2011 for mac .
excel is part of microsoft office .
gina mckee -lrb- born 14 april 1964 -rrb- is an english actress that was in the television mini series the forsyte saga alongside damian lewis .
kyohei yamagata -lrb- born 7 september 1981 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
: if you like to show your support for wikizine you can put a banner on your userpage .
this species already possessed mandibles of a type associated with winged insects , suggesting that wings may already have evolved at this time .
people often use poisons called insecticides to kill pest insects . insecticides do not always work .
this gigantism may have been due to higher atmospheric oxygen levels , which allowed increased respiratory efficiency .
thus , the first insects probably appeared earlier , in the silurian period .
some good insects eat pest insects , such as lady beetles -lrb- or ladybirds or ladybugs -rrb- eating aphids .
some extinct insects had an additional pair of winglets attaching to the first segment of the thorax , for a total of three pairs .
during this era , some giant dragonfly-like forms reached wingspans of 55 t making them far larger than any living insect .
many of the early groups became extinct during the permian-triassic extinction event , the largest mass extinction in the history of the earth , around 252 million years ago .
when helpful insects are killed , such as those that eat pest insects , the pest insects may come back in larger numbers than before because they are not being eaten by helpful insects anymore .
in 2008 , researchers uncovered what they believe is the world 's oldest known full-body impression of a primitive flying insect , a 300 million-year-old specimen from the carboniferous period .
any film or photo that show a person who is a child -lrb- by law -rrb- being used for a sexual act is considered pornography and is illegal .
one type of pornography that is against the law in most countries is child pornography .
picher is a city of oklahoma in the united states .
org an independent internal news bulletin for the members of the wikimedia community
wingene is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
james haggarty -lrb- born april 14 , 1914 in port arthur , ontario died march 8 , 1998 -rrb- was a canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 winter olympics .
as of the census of 2000 , there were 18,564 people , 6,921 households , and 4,893 families living in the county .
26.10 % of all households were made up of people living alone and 12.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
jonathan woodgate -lrb- born 22 january 1980 -rrb- is an english football player . he plays for tottenham hotspur .
the so-called `` dominickers '' , a number of related mixed-race -lrb- white , black , and euchee indian -rrb- families , lived for decades after the american civil war and well into the twentieth century in a rural area near ponce de leon , with a separate church and segregated public elementary school .
holmes county has had three county seats in its history , the first being cerro gordo , then westville , and finally bonifay .
there were 6,921 households out of which 30.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.60 % were married couples living together , 10.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.30 % were not related .
the per capita income for the county was $ 14,135 .
although considered a separate ethnicity from both whites and blacks , many dominickers married into local white families , so that group boundaries blurred ; some descendants still live in the area .
according to the 2000 census , the county has a total area of 488.71 s , of which 482.45 s -lrb- or 98.72 % -rrb- is land and 6.26 s -lrb- or 1.28 % -rrb- is water .
the ecclesbourne valley railway is a heritage railway in derbyshire . its operations are based at wirksworth station .
the midland was initially uninterested , but then realized that the branch could be extended to rowsley . this was difficult , but the branch could avoid the section from ambergate , on its manchester , buxton , matlock and midlands junction railway , which was shared with its rival the london and north western railway .
german historian ernst kornemann , in his rã mische geschichte -lrb- roman history -rrb- -lrb- 2 vols . , ed .
having filled with success the offices of quaestor and praetor , he was consul in 120 . he was appointed by hadrian as one of the four proconsuls to administer italia , then asia .
kornemann 's brief is that antoninus might have waged preventive wars to head off these outsiders .
the emperor hadrian adopted him as his son and successor on 25 february 138 , after the death of his first adopted son lucius aelius . the condition was that antoninus would in turn adopt marcus annius verus , the son of his wife 's brother , and lucius , son of aelius verus , who afterwards became the emperors marcus aurelius and lucius verus .
after the longest reign since augustus -lrb- surpassing tiberius by a couple of months -rrb- , antoninus died of fever about twelve miles -lrb- 19 km -rrb- from rome , on 7 march 161 . the last word that he uttered when the tribune of the night-watch came to ask the password was `` aequanimitas '' -lrb- equanimity -rrb- .
as a private citizen between 110 and 115 , he married annia galeria faustina the elder .
he was virtually unique among emperors in that he dealt with crises without leaving italy once during his reign . he dealt with provincial matters through their governors or through imperial letters to the cities such as ephesus -lrb- of which some were publicly displayed -rrb- .
they are believed to have enjoyed a happy marriage .
a lime kiln is a kiln used to produce quicklime by the calcination of limestone -lrb- calcium carbonate -rrb- .
the javelin throw is a sport event , a part of the track and field .
anglo-saxon charters are documents from the early medieval period in britain which usually make a grant of land or record a privilege .
the record features the songs `` whatever '' and `` lord do n't slow me down '' which had previously never appeared on an oasis album .
nanga parbat means `` naked mountain '' .
the radical angular movements expressed the heart of stravinsky 's radically modern score .
it led diaghilev to create his famous company les ballets russes with choreographer michel fokine and designer lã on bakst .
his ballets included l'apr ã s-midi d'un faune -lrb- the afternoon of a faun -rrb- based on claude debussy 's prã lude ã l'apr ã s-midi d'un faune -lrb- 1912 -rrb- .
he suffered a nervous breakdown in 1919 , and his career effectively ended .
in 1910 , the company 's prima ballerina assoluta mathilde kschessinska selected nijinsky to dance in a revival of marius petipa 's le talisman . nijinsky created a sensation in the role of the wind god vayou .
however , it was around this time that signs of schizophrenia became apparent to members of the company .
they were married in buenos aires , and later had a daughter , kyra .
diaghilev succeeded in getting him out for a north american tour in 1916 .
diaghilev did not make this journey , because of a fear of sea travel .
he was born to polish parents , both of whom were dancers : tomasz niå 1\/4 yå ski and eleonora bereda .
diaghilev directed and managed nijinsky 's career , and they became lovers .
free from diaghilev 's supervision , nijinsky became acquainted with romola de pulszky , a hungarian countess .
when the company returned to europe diaghilev flew into a rage , and dismissed nijinsky .
a turning point for nijinsky was his meeting sergei diaghilev , a celebrated producer of ballet and art exhibitions , who concentrated on promoting russian visual and musical art abroad .
he took his first dance lessons at the henry street settlement house on the lower east side . he went there every day by subway , from his home in the south bronx .
five different versions of the album were released . they are the 2cd version , dvd , the deluxe box set , 5lp box set and the itunes deluxe edition .
fantastic four : rise of the silver surfer is a 2007 superhero movie , and sequel to the 2005 movie fantastic four .
it was released june 15 , 2007 , in north america , and was released onto high-def blu-ray disc and dvd on october 2 , 2007 .
ioan gruffudd , jessica alba , chris evans , michael chiklis , julian mcmahon and kerry washington reprised their roles from the first movie .
the average speed of an object in a certain time is the distance the object traveled divided by the time . speed is a scalar .
les loges-saulces is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
chrome plating is the coating of a metal object with a thin layer of chromium metal , also known as chrome .
he often conducted the passions of bach and music by composers such as beethoven , brahms , mozart , haydn , schumann , wagner and carl orff .
in 1975 , the lso gave him the title of conductor laureate .
the dvd includes all the music videos from `` supersonic '' to `` falling down '' , and in addition , previous unreleased live video versions of `` gas panic ! ''
marcos paulo souza ribeiro -lrb- born 21 march 1974 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
an oil refinery or petroleum refinery is an industrial process plant where crude oil is processed and refined into more useful petroleum products , such as gasoline , diesel fuel , asphalt base , heating oil , kerosene , and liquefied petroleum gas .
the british rail -lrb- br -rrb- class 310 is a slam-door , alternating current -lrb- ac -rrb- electric multiple unit -lrb- emu -rrb- introduced in 1966 as part of the west coast main line electrification project .
a glass partition behind the driver 's cab enabled passengers in the leading and rear coaches to have an excellent view of the line ahead or behind .
the maximum speed was 75 miles per hour .
they consisted of four carriages - a second class driving trailer , a second class trailer , a second class motor car -lrb- with guard 's \/ luggage compartment above which the pantograph was mounted -rrb- and a composite -lrb- 1st and 2nd class -rrb- driving trailer .
`` sunday morning call '' is not listed anywhere on the artwork but appears as a hidden track on disc 2 , track 13 .
neptune was associated as well with fresh water , oceanus was the god of the world-ocean .
her theories questioned some traditional freudian views .
one of the difficult ones is that the punishment can not be enforced unless there is a confession of the person , or four male eyewitnesses who each saw , simultaneously , the penis of the man inside the vulva of the woman .
also hadith literature prohibits beasts having sharp canine teeth , birds having claws and tentacles in their feet , jallalah -lrb- animals whose meat carries a stink in it because they feed on filth -rrb- , tamed donkeys , and any piece cut from a living animal .
in accordance with hadith , stoning to death is the penalty for married men and women who commit adultery .
muslim theology equates apostasy to treason , and in most interpretations of sharia , the penalty for apostasy is death .
the prohibition of dead meat is not applicable to fish and locusts .
a thermodynamic state is the macroscopic condition of a thermodynamic system as described by its particular thermodynamic parameters .
however , the political status of puerto rico , a commonwealth controlled by the united states , is still not completely defined .
puerto rico , also known as the commonwealth of puerto rico , is a territory or colony of the united states in the caribbean sea .
kasper schmeichel -lrb- born 5 november 1986 -rrb- is a danish football player .
puerto rico has three principal political parties , the independence puerto rican party -lrb- socialdemocracy -rrb- , new progressive party -lrb- pnp -rrb- that is the puerto rico statehood party , and the popular democratic party -lrb- ppd -rrb- that is the colonialist party .
an axel jump is a jump in figure skating .
the jump was named after axel paulsen of norway , who invented the jump .
it is the only jump that does and that helps people know that the jump is an axel jump .
no one has yet done a quadruple axel jump .
brookhaven national laboratory is a laboratory in the united states at long island , new york . it is located on the former location of camp upton , a us army camp .
frans is a commune .
dante daniel `` danny '' bonaduce -lrb- born august 13 , 1959 -rrb- is an american radio and tv host , and he was a child actor .
these relays typically have 5 to 36 legs , each between 5 and 10 kilometers -lrb- 3-6 miles -rrb- long .
traditionally , the 4x400 meter relay finals are the last event of a track meet .
java embedding plugin -lrb- jep -rrb- allows java on mac os x with browsers that are not safari .
macaroni and cheese , also known as mac and cheese , macaroni cheese , or macaroni pie , is a dish that consists of noodles and a cheese sauce .
park kang-jo -lrb- born 24 january 1980 -rrb- is a south korean football player . he plays for vissel kobe .
zionism is the belief that there should be a jewish country in israel .
the red sox then won the next four to win the series . this was the first time a team won a best-of-seven playoff series after losing the first three games .
the 2004 american league championship series -lrb- alcs -rrb- was a best-of-seven playoff series in the 2004 major league baseball season .
it featured the new york yankees and the boston red sox .
paulo antã nio de oliveira -lrb- born 16 july 1982 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for ventforet kofu .
faas wilkes -lrb- born 13 october 1923 - died 15 august 2006 -rrb- is a former dutch football player .
josã klã berson -lrb- born 19 june , 1979 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for flamengo .
the united nations has voted to ask israel to pull its troops out of the golan heights . syria and israel still have not signed a peace treaty from that war , mostly because of the issue of the golan .
syria and israel still have not signed a peace treaty from that war , mostly because of the issue of the golan .
the golan heights is a strip of land in southwestern syria that was occupied by israel in the six day war of 1967 .
kohei nishino -lrb- born 15 april 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for fagiano okayama .
ishmaelites are the descendants of ishmael , the oldest son of abraham .
his birth name was shallum .
star wars episode i : the phantom menace is a movie released in 1999 .
lea weingarten fastow -lrb- born december 1961 -rrb- is the wife of former enron executive and felon andrew fastow , and is the second former enron executive to go to prison after enron collapsed due to fraud in december 2001 .
created in 1977 by atari founder nolan bushnell , it started out as chuck e. cheese 's pizza time theatre . in 1999 , cec entertainment , inc. the owners of chuck e. cheese , bought out their primary competitor , discovery zone .
the villages of bembridge and yaverland were once a separate island , off the coast of the rest of the isle of wight . there was a channel of water called brading haven , which separated the two islands .
its chemical formula is kio4 . it has potassium and periodate ions in it .
they were the first american team in the nhl , in 1924 .
the name `` almaty '' comes from the kazakh word for `` apple '' -lrb- ð ð '' ð 1\/4 ð -rrb- . the name is often translated as a city `` rich with apples '' .
almaty -lrb- kazakh : ð ð '' ð 1\/4 ð ñ ñ ; formerly known as alma-ata -lrb- ð ð '' ð 1\/4 ð - ð ñ ð -rrb- , also verniy , -lrb- ð ' ð ñ ð 1\/2 ñ ð -rrb- -rrb- is the largest city in kazakhstan .
the region is thought to be the ancestral home of the apple . a local species of apple , the wild malus sieversii , may be the ancestor of the modern domestic apple .
the so-called `` water '' absorption feature around 3 î 1\/4 m , which can be a sign of water content in minerals is also present .
their spectra contain moderately strong ultraviolet absorption at wavelengths below about 0.4 î 1\/4 m to 0.5 î 1\/4 m , while at longer wavelengths they are very featureless but slightly reddish .
c-type asteroids are asteroids made of carbonates .
this type of asteroid has very similar spectra to carbonaceous chondrite meteorites -lrb- types ci and cm -rrb- , whose chemical make-up is about the same as the sun and the primitive solar nebula , except that they do not contain hydrogen , helium and other volatiles .
consequently , whereas a number of s-types can normally be viewed with binoculars at opposition , even the biggest c-types require a small telescope .
the potentially brightest c-type asteroid is 324 bamberga , but that object 's very high eccentricity means it rarely reaches its maximum magnitude .
the boston bruins are an ice hockey team in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
hydrated -lrb- water-containing -rrb- minerals are present .
like castro , khrushchev thought that a u.s. would invade cuba soon , and that for cuba to no longer be a communist country would hurt his reputation around the world , especially in latin america .
schindler 's list is a 1993 movie set in world war ii , and directed by steven spielberg . it is based on schindler 's ark , a 1982 book by thomas keneally .
the problem can also be approached in a distributed manner .
its running time is o -lrb- m î -lrb- m , n -rrb- -rrb- , where m is the number of edges , n is the number of vertices and î is the classical functional inverse of the ackermann function .
he wanted to solve the problem of finding an efficient coverage of moravia with electricity .
a minimum spanning tree is a tree .
if all the edges have different weights -lrb- that is : there are no two edges with the same weight -rrb- , there is exactly one minimal spanning tree .
a number of problems from graph theory are called minimum spanning tree .
in a graph where all the edges have the same weight , every tree is a minimum spanning tree .
alpay ã -- zalan -lrb- born 29 may 1973 -rrb- is a former turkish football player .
the first written description of the emu was under the name of the new holland cassowary in arthur phillip 's voyage to botany bay , published in 1789 .
the history of the common name , emu , is not certain , but is thought to have come from an arabic word for large bird . this word was later used by portuguese explorers to describe the related cassowary in new guinea .
emus are farmed for their meat , oil and leather .
he provided the first descriptions of and names for many australian bird species . its scientific name , dromaius novaehollandiae , is from the latin words , meaning `` fast-footed new hollander '' .
benjamin hall , the father of bushranger ben hall started a cattle farm in the area in 1839 .
there are eleven main categories which each have many subcategories .
on the mainland of australia emus were once common on the east coast but have become uncommon with increased human population . on the other hand the development of farms and the supply of water for stock have increased the range of the emu in arid -lrb- dry -rrb- regions .
in victoria , some indigenous australian words for the emu were barrimal in the djadja wurrung language , myoure in gunai , and courn in jardwadjali .
the emu , dromaius novaehollandiae , is a large bird , one of the rare birds that can not fly .
inkscape was first made for linux , but now it is cross-platform and runs on microsoft windows , mac os x , and other unix-like operating systems .
the rapid city rush is an american ice hockey team in the central hockey league -lrb- chl -rrb- .
the staples center is a indoor arena in downtown los angeles , california .
it is home to the los angeles lakers and los angeles clippers basketball teams , the los angeles kings hockey team , and the los angeles sparks wnba team .
the word covers many kinds of boats , from small sailboards to large sailing ships .
a sailboat , sailing boat or yacht is a boat that has sails .
the character and series were created by michael dante dimartino and bryan konietzko . zuko is voiced by dante basco .
the city of halifax was the municipal government of halifax , nova scotia between its incorporation as a city in 1841 until 1996 , when all of the municipal governments within halifax county were combined into the halifax regional municipality .
koichi kawai -lrb- born 29 march 1979 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
her mother , amber , is a dinner lady and her father , roy , is a window fitter ; they separated when she was thirteen .
keeley rebecca m. hazell -lrb- born 18 september 1986 -rrb- is a british former page 3 girl and glamour model .
the songs on the album are from the hit pop debut album by maroon 5 called songs about jane .
seikima-ii -lrb- read as `` seikimatsu '' , which means `` the end of the century '' -rrb- is a japanese heavy metal band formed by damian hamada in 1982 .
stick figures have also become popular to make simple , and often violent , animations .
gary bettman -lrb- born june 2 1952 -rrb- is the current commissioner of the national hockey league . he has held this post since february 1 1993 .
naoji ito -lrb- born 1 july 1959 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
marcelo gallardo -lrb- born 18 january 1976 -rrb- is an argentine football player .
zonnebeke is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
for example , shopping baskets which use cookies do not work if the user does not allow cookies .
they are sometimes called web cookies or just cookies .
most web browsers allow users to choose whether to accept cookies . if the user does not allow cookies , some websites will become unusable .
http cookies are files of text sent by a server to a web browser . they are then sent back unchanged by the browser every time it connects to that server .
as an oversighter you can still -lrb- $ 1 view this revision -rrb- if you wish to proceed .
this page revision has been suppressed from the public archives and from administrator view .
there may be details in the -lrb- suppression log -rrb- .
modern fanfares come from the 19th century in britain where they were written for important state events such as the crowning of a king or queen . hubert parry wrote a fanfare , `` i was glad '' , for the coronation of edward vii .
fanfares are used today as music at the start of television and radio news programs .
saint-mars-sur-colmont is a commune of 435 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
-lrb- for further information on alderney concentration camps , see appendix f : concentration camps : endlã sung â `` the final solution ; alderney , a nazi concentration camp on an island anglo-norman ; for further information on nazi treatment of jews and other people , see -rrb- .
over 700 people died in the alderney concentration camps -lrb- out of a total inmate population of about 6,000 -rrb- .
lager borkum was located near the center of alderney and was the smallest of the four camps .
however , he did not stand trial , and is believed to have lived near hamburg until his death in the 1980s .
it was used by the nazi organisation todt , a forced labor program , to build bunkers , gun emplacements , air-raid shelters , and concrete fortifications .
lager borkum was a nazi concentration camp on alderney , in the channel islands , named after the east frisian island of borkum .
it was organised by the schutzstaffel - ss-baubrigade i -- which was first under supervision of the sachsenhausen concentration camp ; and after mid-february 1943 ran under the neuengamme camp in northern germany .
sylt camp held jewish enforced labourers and was a death camp .
norderney camp housed european -lrb- usually eastern but including spaniard -rrb- and russian enforced labourers .
these were the only nazi concentration camps on british soil .
the germans built four concentration camps on the island , subcamps of the neuengamme concentration camp -lrb- located in hamburg , germany -rrb- .
the borkum and helgoland camps were `` volunteer '' -lrb- hilfswillige -rrb- labor camps and the labourers in those camps were treated harshly but marginally better than the inmates at the sylt and norderney camps .
its members are known by various names , including thunbergias ; clockvine on its own usually refers to thunbergia grandiflora , while thunbergia alata is often known as black-eyed susan vine or just black-eyed susan -lrb- not to be confused with other flowers called black-eyed susan -rrb- .
in that image , mary too was shown pointing to her immaculate heart , expressing her love for the human race and for her son , jesus christ .
orange clockvine is the name of thunbergia gregorii .
thunbergia was named for carl peter thunberg .
cameron has also often worked in christianity-related movies , among them the post-rapture movies left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war , in which he plays cameron `` buck '' williams .
pã re eudes was the apostle of the heart of mary ; but in his devotion to the immaculate heart there was a share for the heart of jesus .
he became famous after being cast as `` michael seaver '' in the 1985 television series growing pains .
cameron began acting at the age of nine , and his first job was for a breakfast cereal .
he , with wife noble , founded the firefly foundation , which runs camp firefly , an organization that gives terminally ill children and their families a free week 's vacation .
after converting to christianity , he began to insist that storylines be stripped of anything he thought to be too adult or racy in growing pains .
cameron and his wife , actress chelsea noble , were married on july 21 , 1991 .
it was moderated by abc 's martin bashir and parts of it were played on nightline .
together , they founded the ministry of the way of the master , which is best known for its award-winning television show cameron co-hosts .
cameron was once an atheist , but around the age of 17 - 18 , during the height of his career on growing pains , he developed a belief in god , and became a christian .
his parents are robert cameron , a retired school teacher , and barbara bausmith , a stay-at-home mom .
from the time of john the evangelist and paul of tarsus within christianity there have always been various devotions to the love of god , but there is nothing to indicate that , during the first ten centuries of christianity , any specific devotion was rendered to the wounded heart of jesus .
cameron 's wife noble also starred in these movies , playing hattie durham .
ten years after growing pains ended , was a part of the growing pains movie , in 2000 , and growing pains : return of the seavers , in 2004 .
it also formerly featured a radio show known as the way of the master radio with talk show host todd friel .
his first starring role was at the age of ten in the television series two marriages .
he was also in a 60-second pepsi commercial during super bowl xxiv .
he would go to school on the set of growing pains , as opposed to a normal school .
kirk thomas cameron -lrb- born october 12 , 1970 -rrb- is an american actor best-known for playing `` mike seaver '' on the television situation comedy , growing pains , and in other television shows and movies .
peter coudrin of france founded the congregation of the sacred hearts of jesus and mary on dec 24 , 1800 .
when growing pains ended in 1992 , cameron went on to star in the sitcom kirk which began in 1995 and ended two years later .
a decade later , cameron agreed to appear in the growing pains movie , where the entire main cast reunited with one another .
his next movie , 1989 's listen to me , did not make very much money .
the catholic acts of consecration , reparation and devotion were introduced when the feast of the sacred heart was declared .
dario hã 1\/4 bner -lrb- born 28 april 1967 -rrb- is an italian football player .
david cerrajerã a -lrb- born 4 june 1983 -rrb- is a spanish football player . he plays for levante .
his works are generally dedicated to the earliest history of the armenian people , to the comparative linguistic analysis of ancient languages , and to printing .
it was in the fervent atmosphere of the benedictine or cistercian monasteries , in the world of those who followed the teachings of st. anselm or st. bernard of clairveaux , that the devotion arose , although it is impossible to say positively what were its first texts or who were its first devotees c. to st. gertrude , st. mechtilde , and the author of the `` vitis mystica '' -lrb- previously ascribed to st. bernard , now attributed to st. bonaventure -rrb- it was already well known .
many reggae musicians are part of the rastafari movement , including the famous musician bob marley , who died in 1981 .
in the absence of parentheses , certain precedence rules determine the order of operations .
his mother was a jazz singer , his father a band director at yale , and his brother is a composer\/arranger and sister a violinist .
jon brion -lrb- born december 11 , 1963 -rrb- is an american rock and pop multi-instrumentalist , singer , songwriter , composer and record producer .
fogolin was re-acquired by the sabres near the end of the 1986 â `` 87 season , and retired after completing the season with them .
lee joseph fogolin -lrb- born february 7 , 1955 in chicago , illinois and raised in thunder bay , ontario -rrb- , is a retired defenceman who played in the national hockey league .
while a solid defenceman in his own right , he was overshadowed by many of the young stars on the oilers ' roster , most notably scoring superstar wayne gretzky .
fogolin played seven full seasons with edmonton , and was named as captain for the 1981 â `` 82 season .
he would be the first of four captains to lead the oilers to the stanley cup finals , in 1983 , where they lost to the new york islanders .
his son , michael fogolin , played for the prince george cougars in the whl and died in his sleep on may 26 , 2004 of a possible heart condition .
he played for the buffalo sabres and the edmonton oilers , playing in 924 nhl regular season games between 1974 and 1987 , winning the stanley cup in 1984 and 1985 .
fogolin also played in the 1986 national hockey league all-star game .
he was drafted in the first round , 11th overall , of the 1974 nhl entry draft by the buffalo sabres .
fogolin played his first professional season -lrb- 1974 â `` 75 -rrb- in buffalo , but played parts of the next season with the sabres and the ahl hershey bears .
as of the end of 2007 , the sun sold 180,000 newspapers during monday to saturday and anout 310,000 papers on sunday .
the toronto sun is an english language daily tabloid newspaper published in toronto , ontario , canada .
john dawson winter iii -lrb- february 23 , 1944 - -rrb- is an albino blues musician from beaumount , texas , united states .
keisuke kurihara -lrb- born 20 may 1973 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the history of salland goes back to the early middle ages , when the four quarters of oversticht -lrb- salland , twente , land van vollenhove and drenthe -rrb- came together .
the history of salland goes back to the early middle ages , when the four quarters of oversticht -lrb- salland , twente , land van vollenhove and drenthe -rrb- came together . salland -lrb- and nearby areas -rrb- may have been the early seat of the salian franks , the founders of the modern dutch and french nations .
in his papal bull `` auctorem fidei '' , pope pius vi praised devotion to the sacred heart .
an adam 's apple is a protrusion in the front of the throat .
they had various forms , including ballade , rondeau and virelai . some composers at the time liked to set popular poetry to music .
galt is a city of iowa in the united states .
suvs are even raced , such as in the paris-dakar rally and the australian safari .
suvs come from designs that were originally military or commercial , such as the jeep and the land rover .
the practice of the enthronement is based upon pope pius xii 's declaration that devotion to the sacred of jesus is `` the foundation on which to build the kingdom of god in the hearts of individuals , families , and nations ... '' -lrb- 4 -rrb-
however , the national mall was not always a park .
protests and rallies also happen at the national mall .
one of the most famous was the march on washington for jobs and freedom in 1963 , where martin luther king , jr. gave his i have a dream speech .
amun -lrb- also spelled amon , amoun , amen , and rarely imen , greek î ` î 1\/4 î 1\/4 î î 1\/2 ammon , and î î 1\/4 î 1\/4 î î 1\/2 hammon , egyptian yamanu -rrb- was the name of a deity , in egyptian mythology , who became one of the most important deities in ancient egypt .
mount agung or gunung agung is a volcano on bali .
the sega master system is a video game console made in 1986 . it was not very popular in north america and japan .
little by little , the devotion to the sacred heart became a separate one , and on august 31 , 1670 , the first feast of the sacred heart was celebrated in the grand seminary of rennes .
the mascots of beijing 2008 are the five fuwa , each representing both a color of the olympic rings and a symbol of chinese culture .
quincy owusu-abeyie -lrb- born 15 april 1986 -rrb- is a ghanaian football player .
the american hockey association was a minor professional ice hockey league between 1926 and 1942 .
demon internet is a british internet service provider .
sacred heart is still a widely used name for many catholic institutions , including schools , colleges , and hospitals in many countries around the world .
this category and articles are about domestic cats .
victor married dorothy newton in 1922 , a few days after winning the world ballroom dancing championship .
it is found in the region pays de la loire in the vendã e department in the west of france .
it reacts with water to make ammonia and sodium hydroxide . it burns in air to make oxides of sodium and nitrogen , such as nitrogen dioxide .
kerosene shale was first mined at mount temi , 11 k north of murrurundi in 1886 .
it is common in roman catholic services and occasionally is to be found in anglican services .
zinc phosphate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is zn3 -lrb- po4 -rrb- 2 .
in 2006 ati is was bought by amd .
gaudiemprã is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
if it is preheated then ignited , thermite can burn very fast , releasing a huge amount of heat and light .
the metal has to be more reactive than the metal in the oxide , or the thermite will not work .
thermite is used for welding railroad rails together .
some metal oxides that can be used are copper -lrb- ii -rrb- oxide , chromium -lrb- iii -rrb- oxide , iron -lrb- ii , iii -rrb- oxide , manganese -lrb- iv -rrb- oxide , silicon dioxide , boron trioxide , or lead -lrb- ii , iv -rrb- oxide .
some metals that can be used are boron , magnesium , calcium , titanium , zinc , or silicon .
chromium can be made by a thermite reaction between chromium -lrb- iii -rrb- oxide and aluminium . the first uranium was made by a thermite .
a metal can not be used with its metal oxide .
however , the rockets have not advanced past the first round of the playoffs since he joined the team , and he has also had injuries in each of the past three seasons .
yao ming -lrb- ; born september 12 , 1980 -rrb- is a chinese professional basketball player . he plays for the houston rockets of the national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- .
yao was born in shanghai , people 's republic of china . he started with the shanghai sharks as a teenager and played on their senior team for five years in the chinese basketball association -lrb- cba -rrb- .
his rookie year in the nba was the subject of a documentary film , the year of the yao , and he recently wrote an autobiography titled yao : a life in two worlds .
then he entered the 2002 nba draft . the cba had to release him , and he was selected by the houston rockets to play on their team .
the devotion spread , particularly in religious communities .
his father , yao zhiyuan , is 2.08 m or 6 ft 10 in tall ; his mother , fengdi fang , is 1.88 m or 6 ft 2 in tall .
it has the chemical symbol cm . it has the atomic number 96 .
curium has to be made .
curium is a chemical element .
despite being classed as a new town , irvine has had a long history stretching back many centuries and was classed as a royal burgh .
there are also conflicting rumors that mary , queen of scots , was briefly involved in the town 's history .
it was everywhere practiced by individuals and by different religious congregations , such as the franciscans , dominicans , carthusians , etc. .
its twin town is saint-amand-les-eaux in northern france just outside lille .
some say she stayed briefly at seagate castle .
the town was once a haunt of robert burns , after whom two streets in the town are named : burns street and burns crescent .
it is the first game in the mario kart series , and stars eight playable characters from the mario series .
alexander gottfried friedrich gode-von-aesch or simply alexander gode -lrb- october 30 , 1906 - august 10 , 1970 -rrb- a german-american linguist and translator . he helped create interlingua .
the mirror images reflect an eternal binding of the two hearts .
though this is not traditional , mirrors have been used to make vampires stay away -lrb- in some cultures , vampires do not have a reflection and sometimes do not have a shadow , perhaps as a way of showing that they do not have souls -rrb- .
in stories , garlic is often used for keeping vampires away . a branch of wild rose and hawthorn plant are said to hurt vampires , and in europe , putting mustard seeds on the roof of a house was said to keep them away .
seven countries are now fully using polymer banknotes on all of their banknotes instead of paper .
polymer banknotes were created by the reserve bank of australia , csiro and the university of melbourne and were first used as money in australia in 1988 .
shaw was married eight times : jane cairns -lrb- 1932 -rrb- ; margaret allen -lrb- 1934-37 -rrb- ; lana turner -lrb- 1940 -rrb- ; betty kern -lrb- 1941-43 -rrb- , daughter of songwriter jerome kern ; ava gardner -lrb- 1945-46 -rrb- ; forever amber author kathleen winsor -lrb- 1946-48 -rrb- ; doris dowling -lrb- 1952-56 -rrb- and evelyn keyes -lrb- 1957-85 -rrb- .
shaw had adult onset diabetes . in december 2004 , he died due to the disease at age 94 .
shaw himself would guest conduct from time to time , ending his self-imposed retirement .
it is also the name of many catholic parishes , religious orders , and stores selling catholic goods .
the barcelona metro -lrb- catalan and spanish : metro de barcelona -rrb- , part of the public transportation system of barcelona , spain is an extensive network of electrified railways that run underground in central barcelona and above ground into the city 's suburbs .
it won many awards including the emmy award for outstanding drama series in 2005 and best american import at the british academy television awards also in 2005 .
the survivors find mysterious things including polar bears , an unseen monster , and the other people living on the island , known as the `` others . ''
the feast of the sacred heart is a holy day in the roman catholic liturgical calendar , and is celebrated 19 days after pentecost .
lost had an average of 15.5 million viewers per episode on abc during its first year .
they also meet a frenchwoman who has been on the island for 16 years and find a metal hatch -lrb- door -rrb- buried in the ground .
the crash survivors learn about the others and their history on the island .
a war between the others and the survivors begins , and the survivors make contact with a rescue team .
it is in the shape of a pentagon .
john charles layfield -lrb- born november 29 , 1966 -rrb- known by his ring name 's john `` bradshaw '' layfield and jbl , is a retired american professional wrestler that is best known for working with wwe as a color commentator and in-ring competitor . he is currently commentating and hosting mixed martial arts promotion vyper fight league .
he is the longest reigning world champion in smackdown history longest reigning wwe champion in smackdown history which he held for 280 days .
-lrb- 3 -rrb- in the eleventh and twelfth centuries the first indications of devotion to the sacred heart of jesus are found .
clarence seedorf -lrb- born 1 april 1976 -rrb- is a dutch football player . he plays for milan and netherlands national team .
in british history , the protectorate was the period 1653 -- 59 during which the commonwealth of england , scotland and ireland was governed by a lord protector .
although the replacement , the barebones parliament -lrb- july -- december 1653 -rrb- , was nominated by cromwell and the leaders of the army , it was just as difficult to control .
after a chaotic â interregnumâ , the monarchy was restored in may 1660 , through the initiative of general george monck .
the rump parliament had been sent away in april 1653 by soldiers led by oliver cromwell .
bigode -lrb- 4 april 1922 â `` 7 july 2003 -rrb- was a former brazilian football player .
the marseilles plague , 1720 , furnished perhaps the first occasion for a solemn consecration and public worship outside of religious communities .
the loss of the 2004 â `` 05 season made the nhl the first north american professional sports league to cancel an entire season because of a labor issue .
it was also the first time since 1919 that the stanley cup was not awarded . in 1919 , the championship was canceled due to the ongoing spanish flu pandemic .
the 2004 â `` 05 nhl season would have been the 88th regular season of the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
there is nothing to indicate that she had known the devotion prior to the revelations , or at least that she had paid any attention to it .
kahuta tehsil -lrb- urdu : ø ø ø û ù ú û ù ù û -rrb- is one of the seven tehsils -lrb- subdivisions -rrb- of rawalpindi district in the punjab province of pakistan .
eintracht frankfurt is a german sports club , best known for the football section .
british rail 's third fundamental design of carriage was designated mark 3 , and was introduced in 1976 primarily for use on the high speed train -lrb- hst -rrb- .
an artery is a blood vessel that carries blood away from the heart to other parts of the body . some arteries lead to your lungs .
some arteries lead to your lungs . most of the time , arteries carry oxygen-rich blood within them .
most of the time , arteries carry oxygen-rich blood within them .
worship of the sacred heart mainly consists of several hymns , the salutation of the sacred heart , and the litany of the sacred heart .
another unit was converted into departmental service , and survived in br ownership until the early 1980s .
the national stock exchange of india limited -lrb- nse -rrb- , is a mumbai-based stock exchange .
nse is mutually-owned by a set of leading financial institutions , banks , insurance companies and other financial intermediaries in india but its ownership and management operate as separate groups .
as of 2006 , the nse vsat terminals , 2799 in total , cover more than 1500 cities across india .
national stock exchange of india commenced operations in the wholesale debt market -lrb- wdm -rrb- segment in june 1994 .
the branches of the nse are located throughout india .
in april 1993 , it was recognized as a stock exchange under the securities contracts -lrb- regulation -rrb- act , 1956 .
in his letter to father kolvenbach , pope benedict reaffirmed the importance of the devotion to the sacred heart of jesus .
the national stock exchange of india was promoted by leading financial institutions at the behest of the government of india , and was incorporated in november 1992 as a tax-paying company .
nse also conducts online examination and awards certifications , under its programs of nse 's certification in finanacial markets -lrb- ncfm -rrb- .
the capital market -lrb- equities -rrb- segment of the nse commenced operations in november 1994 , while operations in the derivatives segment commenced in june 2000 .
it was established as a devotion with prayers already formulated and special exercises , found in the writings of lanspergius -lrb- d. 1539 -rrb- of the carthusians of cologne , the louis of blois -lrb- blosius ; 1566 -rrb- , a benedictine and abbot of liessies in hainaut , john of avila -lrb- d. 1569 -rrb- and st. francis de sales , the latter belonging to the seventeenth century .
muchmusic is dedicated to music , music-related programs , pop and youth culture .
`` muchmusic '' is a canadian tv channel .
' william iii of the netherlands -lrb- willem alexander paul frederik lodewijk , anglicised : william alexander paul frederick louis of orange-nassau -rrb- -lrb- 19 february 1817 â `` 23 november 1890 -rrb- was from 1849 king of the netherlands and grand duke of luxembourg until his death .
mito hollyhock is a football club which plays in japan .
dario å imiä -lrb- born 21 november 1975 -rrb- is a croatian football player .
arno van zwam -lrb- born 16 september 1969 -rrb- is a former dutch football player .
huby-saint-leu is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
a steroid hormone is one that is made from cholesterol . a sex hormone is one that regulates sexual changes in the body .
since c. 1850 , groups , congregations , and states have consecrated themselves to the sacred heart .
testosterone is an androgen sex steroid hormone .
in 2004 , kid rock performed during the super bowl halftime show .
the discovery of primitive , dinosaur-like ornithodirans , in middle triassic strata supports this view . analysis of their fossils suggests that the animals were indeed small , bipedal predators .
the date of the early dinosaur genus eoraptor at 230 million years ago is important .
eoraptor probably resembles the common ancestor of all dinosaurs ; its traits suggest that the first dinosaurs were small , bipedal predators .
dinosaurs appear in the fossil record in the upper triassic , 230 million years ago .
marjoram -lrb- origanum majorana , lamiaceae -rrb- is a somewhat cold-sensitive perennial herb or undershrub with sweet pine and citrus flavors .
in some middle-eastern countries , marjoram is synonymous with oregano , and there the names sweet marjoram and knotted marjoram are used to distinguish it from other plants .
marjoram -lrb- origanum majorana , lamiaceae -rrb- is a somewhat cold-sensitive perennial herb or undershrub with sweet pine and citrus flavors . in some middle-eastern countries , marjoram is synonymous with oregano , and there the names sweet marjoram and knotted marjoram are used to distinguish it from other plants .
the image of the sacred heart of jesus was everywhere in evidence , largely due to the franciscan devotion to the five wounds and to the habit formed by the jesuits of placing the image on their title-page of their books and the walls of their churches .
erpe-mere is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
the optical printer is used for making special effects for motion pictures or for copying and restoring old movie material .
common optical effects include fade outs and fade ins , dissolves , slow motion , fast motion , and matte work .
more complicated work needs dozens of elements , all combined into a single scene .
it allows filmmakers to re-photograph one or more strips of movie .
it is made of one or more movie projectors , which are linked to a movie camera .
the feast soon spread to other dioceses , and the devotion was likewise adopted in various religious communities .
in 2010 the last surviving knight , the maharaja of dhrangadhra , died and the order became dormant .
the fictional characters purun dass -lrb- invented by rudyard kipling -rrb- and harry paget flashman -lrb- invented by george macdonald fraser -rrb- each held a kcie ; kipling 's engineer findlayson in the day 's work -lrb- 1908 -rrb- wants the cie.
today , there are no living members of the order .
filipoviä became chief guard of jasenovac concentration camp where he was nicknamed `` fra sotona '' , and by croats themselves .
the axis powers invaded yugoslavia on 6 april 1941 .
this issue is the theme of a recent class action suit against the vatican bank and others .
meanwhile paveliä and several hundred ustaå e left their camps in italy for zagreb , where paveliä set up his government on 17 april .
serbs , jews , roma and anti-fascists , including communist and dissident croat byzantine catholic priests , were interned in concentration camps , the largest of which was the jasenovac complex , where many were killed by ustaå e militia .
the first group of camps was formed in the spring of 1941 .
a few days after the `` great apparition '' , margaret mary reported everything she saw to father de la colombiã re , and he acknowledging the vision as an action of the spirit of god , consecrated himself to the sacred heart and directed her to write an account of the apparition .
during world war ii , various german military commanders gave different figures for the number of serbs , jews and others killed on the territory of the independent state of croatia .
paveliä and kvaternik were detained in italy from october 1934 until the end of march 1936 .
with the defeat of the independent state of croatia , the movement ceased to exist .
hitler tried to insist that mussolini should have his forces work with the ustaå e , but senior italian commanders such as general mario roatta ignored such orders .
the hss was banned on 11 june 1941 , in an attempt by the ustaå e to take their place as the primary representative of the croatian peasantry .
ustaå e activities in villages across the dinaric alps led to the italians and the germans expressing disquiet .
vladko maä ek , the leader of the croatian peasant party -lrb- hss -rrb- which was the most influential party in croatia at the time , rejected offers german offers to lead the new government .
religious imagery depicting the sacred heart is frequently featured in catholic , and sometimes anglican homes .
maks luburic , one of the chiefs of the secret police , started building concentration camps in the summer of the same year .
the history textbooks in the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia cited 700,000 as the total number of victims at jasenovac .
a blessed image of the sacred heart , either a statue or a picture , is then `` enthroned '' in the home to serve as a constant reminder to those who dwell in the house of their consecration to the sacred heart .
on april 10 the most senior home-based ustaå a , slavko kvaternik , took control of the police in zagreb and in a radio broadcast that day proclaimed the formation of the independent state of croatia -lrb- nezavisna drå 3\/4 ava hrvatska , ndh -rrb- .
out of around 39,000 jews that lived on the territory that became the independent state of croatia , only around 20 % survived the war .
this was reported by the american intelligence agency ssu in october 1946 .
vjekoslav vranä iä founded a reformed croatian liberation movement , and was its leader .
blagoje jovovic , a serb , shot ante paveliä near buenos aires , on april 9th , 1957 , inflicting injuries from which he later died .
on may 15 , 2006 , pope benedict xvi sent a letter to fatherpeter hans kolvenbach , the superior general of the society of jesus , on the 50th anniversary of the encyclical `` haurietis aquas '' , about the sacred heart , by pope pius xii .
the first two camps , krapje and broä ica , were closed in november 1941 .
the nuncio was briefed on the efforts of religious conversions to roman catholicism .
for the duration of the war , the vatican kept up full diplomatic relations with the ustaå a state -lrb- granting paveliä an audience -rrb- , with its papal nuncio in the capital zagreb .
the ustaå e regime had sent large amounts of gold that it had plundered from serbian and jewish property owners during ww ii into swiss banks .
archbishop stepinac also said this on 28 march 1941 , in note of yugoslavia 's early attempts to unite croatians and serbs : `` all in all , croats and serbs are of two worlds , northpole and southpole , never will they be able to get together unless by a miracle of god .
the three newer camps continued to function until the end of the war :
the current administration of the museum has further expanded the list to include a bit over 80,000 names .
the prayer `` o sacred heart of jesus , i place all my trust in thee '' is often used .
by the end of 1942 , the news about events at jasenovac and elsewhere had also spread among the croatian population .
during the 1961 trial of adolf eichmann , alexander arnon -lrb- secretary of the jewish community in zagreb -rrb- testified about the treatment of jews in yugoslavia during the war .
vladko maä ek was sent to jasenovac concentration camp , but later released to serve a house arrest sentence .
these six camps were closed by october 1942 .
sometimes images display beneath them a list of family members , indicating that the entire family is entrusted to the protection of jesus in the sacred heart , from whom blessings on the home and the family members are sought .
de facto control over this territory varied for the majority of the war , as the partisans grew more successful , while the germans and italians increasingly exercised direct control over areas of interest .
infighting over the failure to establish a croatian state also fragmented the surviving ustaå e. ante paveliä formed the croatian liberation movement which drew several of the former state 's leaders .
as german forces withdrew from yugoslavia in 1945 , the ustaå e were defeated and expelled by the yugoslav partisans .
in 1943 , the germans suffered major losses on the eastern front and the italians signed an armistice with the allies , leaving behind significant armaments that the partisans used against the occupiers and the ustaå e. fighting continued for a short while after the formal surrender of german army group e on 9 may 1945 , and many refugees attempted to escape to austria .
usually these will be longer than cg capsule reviews .
outside of the visitandines , priests , religious , and laymen espoused the devotion , particularly a capuchin , margaret mary 's two brothers , and some jesuits , among the latter being fathers croiset and gallifet , who promoted the devotion .
artist = uses the numeric id of the `` get_artist '' query page from robertchristgau.com .
the webmaster for robertchristgau.com advises that accessing pages by name `` can run into some confusion -lrb- not many -rrb- and is slower . ''
any of the following parameters can be used : album , artist , name , cgurl .
the enthronement of the sacred heart is a catholic ceremony in which a priest or head of a household consecrates the members of the household to the sacred heart .
link the final version of this review -lrb- as used in artist listing on robertchristgau.com -rrb- ; do not use an early version from the consumer guide column unless it is the only published version -lrb- highly unlikely -rrb- .
two parameters are required : a rating , and an external consumer guide link as a citation for that rating .
album -- uses the numeric id of the `` get_album '' query page from robertchristgau.com .
this provides a url for consumer guide capsule review as a citation for the rating .
these burial mounds are referenced in the name of the kofun period -lrb- middle 3rd century - early-middle 6th century -rrb- .
ryuji nagata -lrb- born 28 march 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the most significant source for the devotion to the sacred heart in the form it is known today was a nun of the religious congregation of the visitation of mary saint margaret mary alacoque -lrb- 1647-1690 -rrb- , who claimed to have received visions of jesus christ .
after the fall of nazi germany , soviet troops occupied all of the country . so hungary gradually became a communist satellite state of the soviet union .
they currently play in football league one .
brighton & hove albion f.c. are an english football team . they are based in brighton .
brighton & hove albion f.c. are an english football team .
sao orbits neptune at a distance of about 22.4 million km and is about 44 kilometers in diameter -lrb- assuming an albedo of 0.04 -rrb- .
sao , or neptune xi , like many of the farther moons of neptune , is named after one of the nereids ; sao was associated with sailing and is referred to as `` the rescuer '' or `` safety '' .
ramon harewood -lrb- born february 3 , 1987 in st. michael , barbados -rrb- is an barbadian-american football offensive tackle for the baltimore ravens of the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- .
harewood was drafted out of morehouse college by the baltimore ravens with the 194th overall pick in the 6th round of the 2010 nfl draft .
mikaã `` l silvestre -lrb- born 9 august 1977 -rrb- is a french football player .
tetsuya totsuka -lrb- born 24 april 1961 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
thorin 's father was their king , the king under the mountain . but one day the dragon smaug came to the lonely mountain and killed all of the dwarves he found .
they can find the secret door into the mountain , and open it . bilbo goes in two times and meets the dragon smaug .
gollum and bilbo play a game of riddles .
finally , by order of leo xiii , in his encyclical `` annum sacrum '' -lrb- may 25 , 1899 -rrb- , as well as on june 11 , he consecrated every human to the sacred heart .
the university of wyoming is a public university in laramie , wyoming .
-lrb- from german poltern , meaning to rumble or make noise , and geist , meaning `` ghost '' , `` spirit '' , or `` embodiment '' -rrb- is a spirit or ghost is able to move and influence objects .
there was a movie made in 1982 called poltergeist .
his work includes award-winning movies like lords of the forest -lrb- better known in the usa under its title masters of the congo jungle -lrb- 1959 -rrb- , the english version narrated by orson welles , galapagos - dream island in the pacific -lrb- 1962 -rrb- , vanishing wilderness , and the mystery of animal behavior .
the traditional term yellow pages is now also applied to online directories of businesses .
the term yellow pages refers to a telephone directory of businesses , categorized according to the product or service provided .
ghazi tehsil is an administrative subdivision -lrb- tehsil -rrb- of haripur district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
ichizo nakata -lrb- born 19 april 1973 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
engelbert kraus -lrb- born 30 july , 1934 -rrb- is a former german football player .
she has won a golden globe award , two screen actors guild awards , two image awards , a grammy award , six additional grammy nominations , an emmy award nomination and an academy award nomination .
nothing of a general movement had been inaugurated , except for similarities found in the devotion to the five wounds by the franciscans , in which the wound in jesus ' heart figured most prominently .
sami al-jaber -lrb- born 11 december 1972 -rrb- is a former saudi arabian football player . he has played for saudi arabia national team .
the mercalli intensity scale -lrb- or more precisely the modified mercalli intensity scale -rrb- is a scale to measure the intensity of earthquakes . unlike with the richter scale , the mercalli scale does not take into account energy of an earthquake directly .
it borders -lrb- clockwise from the north -rrb- on the netherlands and in belgium on the provinces of antwerp , flemish brabant -lrb- both in flanders -rrb- , of hainaut -lrb- wallonia -rrb- and of west flanders -lrb- flanders -rrb- .
margaret mary reported feeling `` dreadful confusion '' over the book 's contents , but resolved to make the best of it , approving of the book for the spreading of her cherished devotion .
east flanders -lrb- oost-vlaanderen in dutch , flandre orientale in french -rrb- is a province of flanders , one of the three regions of belgium .
there are also neighborhoods in los angeles called elysian park and elysian heights .
there are also neighborhoods in los angeles called elysian park and elysian heights . they are separated from elysian valley by interstate 5
each account is followed by a brief statement describing how close each person was to the center of the blast .
red-necked wallabies are found along the coast and forests of eastern australia , from rockhampton , queensland to the south australian border ; in tasmania and on many of the bass strait islands -lrb- many of these may have been introduced to the islands -rrb- .
in spite of all sorts of obstacles , and of the slowness of the holy see , which in 1693 imparted indulgences to the confraternities of the sacred heart and , in 1697 , granted the feast to the visitandines with the mass of the five wounds , but refused a feast common to all , with special mass and office .
red-necked wallabies have a black nose and paws , white stripe on the upper lip , and a medium gray coat with a red color on their neck .
the red-necked wallaby -lrb- macropus rufogriseus -rrb- is a medium-sized macropod , common in parts of eastern australia .
after being assistant conductor at the bayreuth festival his first important opportunity came in 1969 when the conductor william steinberg became unwell during a concert with the boston symphony orchestra . tilson thomas took over conducting the rest of the concert .
from 1988 to 1995 , he was principal conductor of the london symphony orchestra , and since 1995 he has been their main guest conductor .
it gradually came into contact with the devotion begun at paray , and resulting in a fusion of the two .
koji gyotoku -lrb- born 28 january 1965 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
mohamed abdelwahab -lrb- born 1 october 1983 â `` died 31 august 2006 -rrb- is a former egyptian football player .
gparted is a program used for creating , deleting , resizing , moving , checking and copying partitions , and the file systems on them .
this is useful for creating space for new operating systems -lrb- works with vista system & data partitions -rrb- , reorganizing disk usage , copying data residing on hard disks and mirroring one partition with another -lrb- disk imaging -rrb- .
the most notable storm was hurricane iniki , which caused billions of dollars of damage to the hawaiian islands .
hurricane darby and tropical storm agatha brought rains and more destruction to mexico , without making landfall .
also of note are hurricane ekeka and tropical storm hali , which formed in late january and march , respectively .
in 1726 it was deemed advisable once more to importune rome for a feast with a mass and office of its own , but , in 1729 , rome again refused .
the 1992 pacific hurricane season was the most active pacific season on record .
when a band called toxic parents , with claudio sanchez and travis stever in it , broke up about the same time as nate kelley 's band , moe & the boogie cats , the members of these bands came together to form a new band in march 1995 . this band was called beautiful loser .
it had travis stever singing and playing guitar , claudio sanchez on guitar , nate kelley on drums and jon carleo on bass .
the group did not last long , it broke up in june of 1995 ; they had an argument about gas money .
bloody mary is a kind of ghost of a dead woman in western folklore .
this journal , including the account and an `` offering '' to the sacred heart , in which the devotion was well explained , was published at lyons in 1684 .
purpose and naming : mnemonically ` template list expanded ' ... after template list '
blood can leave only through a system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum .
they are found along the penis shaft , from the pubic bones to the head of the penis .
the corpus cavernosum penis -lrb- or corpus cavernosum urethrae -rrb- is one of two sponge-like sections of tissue in the male penis . they contain most of the blood during an erection .
the penis becomes rigid as a result .
the expanding tissue constricts these veins . this preventing blood from leaving .
this category is for articles and events specifically related to the 7th century , which began in the year 601 and ended in the year 700 .
numismatics is the study and collecting of coins and the history behind the coins .
philosophy of mind is a branch of philosophy that studies the nature of the mind , mental events , mental functions , mental properties , consciousness and their relationship to the physical body , particularly the brain .
the mind-body problem , i.e. the relationship of the mind to the body , is commonly seen as the central issue in philosophy of mind , although there are other issues that have to do with the nature of the mind that do not involve its relation to the real -lrb- solid -rrb- body .
someone 's desire for a hat , for example , will tend to cause that person to move his or her body in a specific manner and in a specific direction to obtain what he or she wants .
the mind-body problem has to do with the explanation of the relationship that exists between minds , or mental processes , and bodily states or processes .
the question , then , is how it can be possible for conscious experiences to arise out of a lump of gray matter endowed with nothing but electrochemical properties .
a related problem is to explain how someone 's propositional attitudes -lrb- e.g. beliefs and desires -rrb- can cause that individual 's neurons to fire and his muscles to contract in exactly the correct manner .
our perceptual experiences depend on stimuli which arrive at our various sensory organs from the external world and these stimuli cause changes in our mental states , ultimately causing us to feel a sensation , which may be pleasant or unpleasant .
he almost single-handedly worked out the nation 's early financial system , and for several years was a major presence in washington 's administration as well .
it was established by an act of congress in 1789 to manage government revenue .
american physician and humanitarian john gorrie built a refrigerator in 1844 to be able to cool air .
one day in 1928 , while walking through some woods getting sap for maple syrup , copeman saw that slush and ice came off of his rubber boots instead of sticking to them .
some novelty trays make blocks of ice in seasonal , festive , or other shapes .
the first rubber ice cube tray was made by lloyd groff copeman .
the first flexible , stainless steel , all-metal ice cube tray was made by guy l. tinkham in 1933 .
ice cubes are also made commercially and sold in big amounts .
the idea of this act , which leo xiii called `` the great act '' of his pontificate , had been proposed to him by a religious woman of the good shepherd from oporto -lrb- portugal -rrb- who said that she had supernaturally received it from jesus .
later , he made and patented several kinds of tray : a metal tray with rubber separators , a metal tray with individual rubber cups , and a tray made of only rubber .
ice cubes are small , cube-shaped parts of ice . these pieces are sometimes used to cool drinks .
gorrie is the creator of ice cubes , even though he was not trying to cool drinks .
so , to help treat sickness , he advocated for the draining of swamps and the cooling of sickrooms .
instead , he used the ice to cool the room 's temperature .
another design is an aluminum tray with a lever that raises the ice cubes up , moving them off of the tray .
ice cube trays are made to be filled with water , then put in a freezer until the water freezes to ice , making ice cubes .
a motorized kind of this is in most automatic ice-making freezers .
the tray bent sideways to remove the ice cubes .
these are sometimes called ice tubes .
the death of margaret mary , october 17 , 1690 , did not dampen the zeal of those interested ; on the contrary , a short account of her life published by father croiset in 1691 , as an appendix to his book `` de la dã votion au sacrã cå `` ur '' , served only to increase it .
ice cubes are made by filling a tray with water and putting it in a freezer .
his refrigerator made ice , which he hung from the ceiling in a basin .
crushed ice is also used when it needs to be made fast , because the speed of cooling depends on the amount and average radius of the ice particles .
many freezers also have an icemaker . icemakers make ice cubes and put them in a bin .
an unusual thing about commercially made ice cubes is that they are very clear , and do not have the clouding found in home made ice cubes .
ice cubes are used in mixed drinks , when the drink has the words `` on the rocks . ''
these ice cubes are usually cylindrical , and might have holes through the center .
after talking about it with his patent attorney at lunch , he did experiments using rubber cups .
trays are often flexible , so the ice cubes can be removed easily by flexing the tray .
for a list of institutions named after the sacred heart , see sacred heart -lrb- disambiguation -rrb- .
their silver medal at this competition , along with how well the other american team did , earned the united states three spots on the olympic team .
at the 2006 winter olympics , belbin and agosto won the first ice dancing medal -lrb- a silver -rrb- for the united states since 1976 .
in 2005 , belbin and agosto won their first world medal .
benjamin alexandro `` ben '' agosto -lrb- born january 15 , 1982 , in chicago , illinois -rrb- is an american ice dancer .
in 2005 , belbin and agosto won their first world medal . this was the first world medal for the united states in ice dancing in 20 years .
a religious order of the roman catholic church , the order is best known for its missionary work in hawaii .
the station is managed by chiltern railways , who provide services along with first great western .
kirriemuir is a small town in the north east of scotland .
antraigues-sur-volane is a town and commune of the ardã che dã partement , in the southern part of france .
saba qom football club is a football team based in qom , iran .
tomislav mariä -lrb- born 28 january 1973 -rrb- is a former croatian football player .
united states virgin islands national soccer team is the national soccer team of united states virgin islands .
he was later made an officer of the new zealand order of merit in 2005 `` for services to film and the theater '' .
at his death , february 15 , 1682 , there was found in his journal of spiritual retreats a copy in his own handwriting of the account that he had requested of margaret mary , together with a few reflections on the usefulness of the devotion .
they have two sons : jack louis ward hurst , born in 1997 , and cameron lane ward hurst , born in 1999 .
in 2003 , hurst received the laureate award from the arts foundation of new zealand .
he is probably best known for playing iolaus in the television programs hercules : the legendary journeys and xena : warrior princess .
joseph john `` joe '' cole -lrb- born 8 november 1981 in romford , london -rrb- is an english professional football player . cole plays as a midfielder for liverpool of the premier league and the england national team .
yuki takita -lrb- born 16 may 1967 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
his fine historical novel vor dem sturm -lrb- 1878 -rrb- was followed by a series of novels of modern life , notably l'adultera -lrb- 1882 -rrb- , a book about adultery which was considered so risquã that it took fontane two years to find a publisher .
one particular image has been used as part of a set , along with an image of the blessed virgin mary .
in his novels frau jenny treibel , irrungen , wirrungen , and effi briest -lrb- 1894 -rrb- , he found his very own tone , he wrote about insights into the lives of the nobility as well as the `` common man '' ; his achievement there was later described as poetic realism .
his first published work , the novella geschwisterliebe -lrb- or `` sibling love '' -rrb- , appeared in the berlin figaro in december 1839 .
in 1839 , at the age of 20 , wrote his first work -lrb- heinrichs iv .
back in germany , fontane became particularly interested in the mark brandenburg region .
in order to support his family he took a job as a writer for the prussian intelligence agency centralstelle fã 1\/4 r preã angelegenheiten which was meant to influence the press towards a german national cause .
in this time fontane published articles in the leipzig newspaper die eisenbahn -lrb- railway -rrb- and translated shakespeare .
his books about britain include ein sommer in london -lrb- 1854 -rrb- ; aus england , studien und briefe -lrb- 1860 -rrb- and jenseits des tweed , bilder und briefe aus schottland -lrb- 1860 -rrb- .
at the period , and following the fashion of walter scott , traditional british stories were still en vogue on the continent .
as pentecost is always celebrated on sunday , the feast of the sacred heart always falls on a friday .
in 1849 he quit his job as an apothecary and became a full-time journalist and writer .
he was - very short - enganged in the revolutionary events of the revolution of 1848 .
in 1870 , he quit his job at the kreuzzeitung and became theater critic for the liberal vossische zeitung -lrb- newspaper -rrb- . this job he kept until retirement .
silver -lrb- i -rrb- fluoride is a chemical compound .
his first job as apothecary was in dresden after which he returned to his father 's shop , now in the provincial town of letschin in the oderbruch region .
in 1844 fontane enrolled in the prussian army and set out on the first of many journeys to england . there he learned about old english ballads .
other 3 digit years may be misinterpreted as well , so best practice is to use leading zeros to make a 4 digit year for this date range .
it is very unusual for people to mention such dates so long ago , so when we really mean this date , we must specify a 4 digit date .
background : there is a good rationale for the behavior of the system function which actually does the hard work of this template .
these templates are an alternative to the \/ and \/ templates that also emit microformats but require dates to be expressed in a special number oriented syntax .
bce -lrb- required for bce dates -rrb- set to yes if the date is bc .
timezone -lrb- required if timezone information specified -rrb- set to yes if the time is utc or if the location , timezone , or timezone offset is specified .
parameter 1 -lrb- required -rrb- the date and time to display and to emit as a microformat date .
for events where the precise time , day or month is not known , the user may omit these details .
start-date -lrb- birth-date -rrb- and end-date -lrb- death-date -rrb- are easy to read `` plain text '' date and time templates that emit microformat dates for events .
bot runs may make a conversion of non 4 digit years to 4 digits -lrb- with leading zeros -rrb- in order to refine wikipedia 's quality of microformat dates .
outside of this period with ambiguous years , users may use free text dates without this restriction .
alvin journeyman -lrb- 1995 -rrb- is an alternate history\/fantasy book that was written by orson scott card .
frank `` dapper dan '' daley -lrb- august 22 , 1909 - october 15 , 1968 -rrb- was a professional hockey player who played for the detroit cougars in the national hockey league .
sandro chaves de assis rosa -lrb- born 19 may 1973 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
on this basis , he is sometimes considered a `` transformist '' and a precursor of darwin .
libã ration -lrb- also called as libã -rrb- is a french daily newspaper founded in paris in 1973 by jean-paul sartre .
but as his opinions fluctuated greatly at different periods , and as he does not enter on the causes or means of the transformation of species , i need not here enter on details . ''
he was the first person to discuss a large number of evolutionary problems , problems that before buffon had not been raised by anybody ... he brought them to the attention of the scientific world .
in the opening volumes of the histoire naturelle buffon questioned the usefulness of mathematics , criticized carl linnaeus 's taxonomical approach to natural history , outlined a history of the earth with little relation to the biblical account , and proposed a theory of reproduction which ran counter to existing ideas .
then , from the fourth edition onwards , he amended this to say that `` the first author who in modern times has treated it -lrb- evolution -rrb- in a scientific spirit was buffon .
in les ã poques de la nature -lrb- 1778 -rrb- buffon discussed the origins of the solar system , speculating that the planets had been created by a comet 's collision with the sun .
basing his figures on the cooling rate of iron tested at his laboratory le petit fontenet at montbard , he calculated that the age of the earth was 75,000 years .
more than anyone else , he was responsible for the acceptance of a long-time scale for the history of the earth .
`` truly , buffon was the father of all thought in natural history in the second half of the 18th century '' .
dworshak dam is a dam in clearwater county , idaho .
carl michael edwards , ii -lrb- born august 15 , 1979 -rrb- is an american racecar driver who drives the # 99 aflac ford fusion for roush fenway racing in the nascar sprint cup series . edwards was the 2007 nationwide series .
vegalta sendai is a football club which plays in japan .
some of these contributions are from members who live in oil-rich countries .
the group is the world 's oldest and largest islamic political group , and the `` world 's most influential islamist movement '' .
the brotherhood is financed by contributions from its members , who are required to allocate a part of their income to the movement .
flã chin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the vision camera is compatible with windows xp service pack 2 using usb 2.0 connection .
drivers are not included with the vision camera -- you must allow windows to download them automatically when prompted .
they work in ichat , photo booth and other applications that use quicktime for video display , such as skype .
mac os x 10.4.9 added support for the usb `` video class '' group of peripherals , including vision camera .
it allows for video chat and picture messages using an xbox live gold subscription with video effects along with in-game compatibility .
beaurains is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the vision camera is also compatible with sony 's playstation 3 -lrb- requires firmware 1.54 -rrb- .
the xbox live vision camera was announced at e3 2006 and released in north america on september 19 2006 , following a 1-month pre-launch period in which toys `` r '' us stores in new york city and los angeles sold them to build up hype .
the camera uses a standard usb 2.0 connection and is also windows -lrb- xp and newer -rrb- and mac os x -lrb- v10 .4.9 and newer -rrb- compatible .
mark boal -lrb- born 1973 in new york -rrb- is an american journalist , screenwriter and film producer .
boal won 2 academy awards in 2009 for the hurt locker in the categories of best writing -lrb- original screenplay -rrb- and best picture .
the novel remains widely read , selling around 250,000 copies a year .
in 1948 he published the story `` a perfect day for bananafish '' in the new yorker magazine , which also published most of his following work .
jerome david salinger -lrb- born january 1 , 1919 -- died january 27 , 2010 -rrb- was an american author , best known for his 1951 novel the catcher in the rye .
roasted eggs are used at the jewish holiday of passover eating raw eggs is not recommended for people who may be likely to catch to salmonella , such as the elderly , the infirm , or pregnant women .
in 1951 salinger , released his first novel , the catcher in the rye , an immediate popular success .
anguilla national football team is the national football team of anguilla .
a tiny -lrb- under 1 mm -rrb- , soft-bodied wingless psocoptera -lrb- usually trogium pulsatorium -rrb- . the insect actually feeds on molds and other organic matter found in ill-maintained works , but they will also attack bindings and other parts .
the larvae are pests for cotton or tobacco growers as the cotton bollworm or tobacco budworm .
both the larvae of the death watch beetle -lrb- xestobium rufovillosum -rrb- and the common furniture beetle -lrb- anobium punctatum -rrb- will tunnel through wood and if paper is nearby they will pass into that .
leather-bound books attract various consumers , such as dermestes lardarius and the larvae of attagenus unicolor and stegobium paniceum .
the bookworm moth -lrb- heliothis zea or h. virescens -rrb- and its larvae are not interested in books .
many other insects , like the silverfish -lrb- lepisma saccharina -rrb- or cockroach -lrb- various blattodea -rrb- , will consume these molds , including degraded paper or the starch-based binding pastes â `` warmth and moisture or high humidity are needed , so damage is more common in the tropics .
miss ullmann has a daughter linn ullmann -lrb- born in 1966 -rrb- with ingmar bergman , and two grandchildren .
liv ullmann -lrb- born 16 december 1938 -rrb- is a norwegian actress particularly associated with films by swedish director ingmar bergman .
olinda borggren is a swedish tv personality who was a contestant on the american reality show joe millionaire and the first season of the swedish version of paradise hotel .
most eggs that are eaten by humans , including birds ' eggs and turtle 's eggs , have a protective , oval eggshell , the albumen -lrb- egg white -rrb- , the vitellus -lrb- egg yolk -rrb- , and various thin membranes , that are layers like skin . every part of the egg is edible , although the eggshell is usually thrown away .
shortstop -lrb- abbreviated as ss -rrb- is a fielding position played in baseball . shortstop is in located between second and third base .
shortstop is in located between second and third base .
while at the circus he follows his nose looking for the cotton candy , and when he turns around his parents are gone .
a clown on stilts comes to help him . the clown puts him on his shoulders and they locate his parents .
chicken eggs are widely used in many types of cooking . dishes that use eggs range from both sweet to savoury dishes .
born in thunder bay , ontario of russian immigrant parents , he grew up on a farm in saskatchewan , and attended mcgill university , from which he was granted a bachelor 's degree in chemistry and a ph. d. in physical chemistry .
however , in 1959 , when dr. pall 's first wife , josephine , died of aplastic anemia , he began to work on the pall filter .
pall , a trustee of the north shore university hospital , died of complications of alzheimer 's disease at his last home in roslyn estates , new york .
the pall filter makes blood transfusions significantly safer by filtering out white blood cells , thereby reducing the incidence of transfusion reactions and viral infections .
david boris pall -lrb- 2 april 1914 - 21 september 2004 -rrb- , founder of pall corporation , was the chemist who invented the pall filter used in blood transfusions .
mrs. pall had undergone multiple blood transfusions in the course of an illness , which were ultimately unsuccessful .
most commercially produced chicken eggs intended for human consumption are unfertilized , because hens are kept without any roosters .
today , pall corporation has sales in excess of $ 2.0 billion .
as of the end of the 2010 season , the reining champion is sebastian vettel .
sometimes , debt consolidation companies can discount the amount of the loan .
fertile eggs can be bought and eaten as well .
when the debtor is in danger of bankruptcy , the debt consolidator will buy the loan at a discount .
this is usually done to secure a lower interest rate and for the convenience of paying only one loan .
debt consolidation involves taking out a loan to pay off multiple loans .
a prudent debtor can shop around for consolidators who will pass along some of the savings .
consolidation can affect the ability of the debtor to discharge debts in bankruptcy , so the decision to consolidate must be weighed carefully .
vincent candela -lrb- born 24 october 1973 -rrb- is a former french football player .
you use it by writing where decade number are the digits of the decade , except for the last one .
for example , if you use it on the 40s bc , simply write or if you use it on the 220s bc , write .
the most commonly used bird eggs are those from the chicken , the duck , and the goose , but smaller eggs such as quail eggs are occasionally used as a gourmet ingredient , as are the largest bird eggs , from ostriches .
nowadays schools tend to get bigger , thus cctv cameras enable teachers and security staff to see and then control what is happening in live . in our opinion , like britain , we believe that our school should also install cctv cameras .
the body can use about 91 % of the protein of a cooked eggs , nearly twice as much as from a raw egg .
niederraunau -lrb- elevation 518 m -rrb- is in the valley of the little river kammel two kilometres south of krumbach in the natural region lower iller-lech gravel plateau .
birieux is a commune .
he is the writer of the book , red , white and liberal : how left is right and right is wrong . .
the flag has the state seal of kansas and a sunflower .
brian molko -lrb- 10 december 1972 -rrb- is a scottish and american musician and songwriter who is part of the rock band placebo .
the hawthorns is a football stadium in west bromwich , sandwell , england .
only selenium tetrachloride escapes . this is reduced to selenium again , making pure selenium .
andranik eskandarian -lrb- born 31 december 1951 -rrb- is a former iranian football player .
it contains bromine in its +3 oxidation state .
it can also be made by careful disproportionation of hypobromous acid . it can also be made by reacting hypobromous acid and bromic acid .
to have them deleted entirely , ask an admin to delete the page for you .
if you wish to leave permanently , and to remove any association with your past edits , you may exercise your right to vanish .
note that this will work on all of the pages in your userspace , except for your user talk pages â `` these are generally not deleted
this can be used to purify selenium . impure selenium can be placed in the flask , reacted with chlorine .
boz is a commune .
years of refusal is the ninth solo album by morrissey , the former lead singer of the smiths .
the play is about historical events in the 16th century under the reign of king philip ii of spain .
don carlos -lrb- german : don karlos , infant von spanien -rrb- is an historical tragedy in five acts by friedrich schiller , written between 1783 and 1787 .
the main person in the play is carlos , prince of asturias .
a pedal is something that is made to work by someone 's foot . the word `` pedal '' comes from the latin word for `` foot '' .
a pedal is something that is made to work by someone 's foot .
it reacts with selenium dioxide to make selenium oxychloride , a mixture of selenium dioxide and selenium tetrachloride bonded together .
it is located at the top of mumbai 's malabar hill . the park is named after kamala nehru , the wife of india 's first prime minister jawaharlal nehru .
from the garden , one can see chowpatty beach , and the queen 's necklace -lrb- marine drive -rrb- .
in 1905 , 110 acres owned by william a. clark , on which he built a railroad to southern california were auctioned and las vegas was founded as a railroad town . las vegas officially became a city in 1911 .
because of this , las vegas is called `` the entertainment capital of the world '' .
only selenium tetrachloride escapes .
jã rã my toulalan -lrb- born 10 september 1983 -rrb- is a french football player . he plays for olympique lyonnais and france national team .
his song `` chocolate rain '' , and its youtube video , became a popular internet meme in july 2007 .
when arnold died in 1473 , duke charles added guelders to his burgundian netherlands .
however he was not able to repay the debts , so these lands became integral parts of guelders .
in 1423 guelders passed to the house of egmond .
selenium tetrachloride is a yellow or white solid .
duke adolf was fighting with his father arnold about the inheritance of the land . arnold came under pressure from the burgundian duke charles the bold , who put him in prison in 1471 .
the coat of arms of the region changed during the ages .
it is used to make other selenium compounds .
he left the duchy to duke william the rich of jã 1\/4 lich-cleves-berg in his will . however , he was not able to hold on to it and emperor charles v of habsburg soon moved in .
count gerard 's son gerard ii in 1127 got the county of zutphen in northern hamaland by marriage .
the northern netherlands stood up against king philip ii of spain in the dutch revolt . the three northern quarters of gelderland joined the union of utrecht and became part of the united provinces when the 1581 act of abjuration was agreed .
the last independent duke of guelders was adolf 's son charles of egmond -lrb- 1492-1538 -rrb- .
charles v stood down in 1556 . he decided that the territories of the burgundian circle should be part of the monarchy of spain .
luis enrique martã nez garcã a -lrb- born 8 may 1970 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
maurice garin -lrb- march 3 1871 - february 19 1957 -rrb- was a road bicycle racer . he is best known for winning the 1903 tour de france - the very first running of the race .
normal force is the force that the ground -lrb- or any surface -rrb- pushes back up with .
the chinese striped hamster -lrb- cricetulus barabensis -rrb- , also known as the striped dwarf hamster , is a species of hamster .
the national institute of standards and technology -lrb- nist -rrb- , known between 1901 and 1988 as the national bureau of standards -lrb- nbs -rrb- , is a measurement standards laboratory which is a non-regulatory -lrb- non-controlled -rrb- agency of the united states department of commerce .
below is the list of wikipedia articles about baseball players who have played for the seattle mariners team .
dirk hartog 's trip was the second european group to land on australia .
he had a lengthy career , playing for a number of clubs in the football league as a left sided or central midfielder before retiring from the game in 2006 .
nicolas gregory mankiw -lrb- born february 3 , 1958 -rrb- -lrb- known as n. gregory mankiw -rrb- is a famous economist who graduated from princeton university and massachusetts institute of technology .
thomas wedgwood was married firstly to isabell beech . their children were :
it is used to make ammonium perchlorate , which is used in rockets .
perchloric acid is an acid that contains the perchlorate ion .
some of the types of birthmarks are : stork bites , mongolian blue spots , strawberry marks , cafã au lait spots , congenital melanocytic nevi , and port-wine stains .
the other penguins become interested and begin dancing .
elpã dio silva -lrb- born 19 july 1975 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
he helped the burma campaign to free burmese democracy movement leader aung san suu kyi .
in 2008 he participated in a music album called songs for tibet , which is an initiative to support tibet , dalai lama tenzin gyatso and to underline the human rights situation in tibet .
rice and hannigan recorded a charity song , campaigning for her release , called unplayed piano , which they performed at the 2006 nobel peace prize concert in oslo .
the paper was in a building at the corner of colorado blvd . and oakland avenue for years . this building is now being used by technique at le cordon bleu college of culinary arts and 24 hour fitness .
happy feet won the academy award for best animated feature but did not win the annie award for best animated feature .
the boeing 767 was produced from 1981 and remains in production today . boeing will replace the 767 with the 787 .
walter winterbottom -lrb- born january 31 , 1913 - died february 16 , 2002 -rrb- is a former football player .
ichiji otani -lrb- born 31 august 1912 - died 23 november 2007 -rrb- was a japanese football player .
however , noah the elder feels that the recent lack of fish , the penguins ' main food , is a punishment sent from their god in order to punish them for allowing mumble 's dancing .
andoni goikoetxea olaskoaga -lrb- born 23 may , 1956 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
volkswagen golf variant is a car produced by volkswagen since 1993 .
happy feet was dedicated to the following people : nick enright , michael jonson , robby mcneilly green , and steve irwin .
volkswagen golf variant is a car produced by volkswagen since 1993 . it entered its fourth generation in 2009 .
takeshi hamada -lrb- born 21 december 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for tokushima vortis .
the garden state parkway -lrb- or garden state pkwy -rrb- is a toll highway -lrb- which means that people must pay to drive on it -rrb- that goes through new jersey from the south end of the state at cape may to the north end of the state at montvale , new jersey .
the nba all-star game is an nba game in which the best players in the eastern conference play with the best players in the western conference .
the first game started on march 2 , 1951 at the boston garden .
saint-laurent-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
he is the father of screenwriter tom whedon and the grandfather of screenwriter and director joss whedon and screenwriter zack whedon .
benjamin hall opened a butcher 's shop in haydonton in 1842 .
he is best known for his writing for the television series the donna reed show during the 1950s .
gladiolus -lrb- from latin , the diminutive of gladius , a sword -rrb- is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family -lrb- iridaceae -rrb- .
these flowers are variously colored , pink to reddish or light purple with white , contrasting markings , or white to cream or orange to red .
the species vary from very small to the spectacular giant flower spikes in commerce .
returning home , mumble and his friends find gloria in the center of attention as her `` heartsong '' is very attractive to the other penguins .
they grow from rounded , symmetrical corms , that are enveloped in several layers of brownish , fibrous tunics .
the ovary is 3-locular with oblong or globose capsules , containing many , winged brown , longitudinally dehiscent seeds .
another branch of ku , called the edwards campus , is located in overland park , kansas .
these seeds are unable to germinate .
they are united at their base into a tube-shaped structure .
in the temperate zones of europe many of the hybrid large flowering sorts of gladiolas can be pollinated by small well-known wasps .
the perianth is funnel-shaped , with the stamens attached to its base .
in their center must be noticeable the specific pellet like structure which is the real seed without the fine coat .
the fragrant flower spikes are large and one-sided , with secund , bisexual flowers , each subtended by 2 leathery , green bracts .
the color and rich taste of the milk can be attributed to the high oil content and sugars .
the ku medical center , which is one branch of the university of kansas , is located in kansas city , kansas , which is east of lawrence .
it is used in many tropical recipes . there are two kinds of coconut milk : thick and thin .
there are two kinds of coconut milk : thick and thin .
coconut milk is a sweet , milky white cooking base which comes from the meat of a mature coconut .
it should not be confused with coconut water -lrb- coconut juice -rrb- , which is the natural liquid found inside a coconut .
when a tornadic waterspout makes landfall it can be called a tornado , and can cause damage to buildings and other things made by people .
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly spreads out and loses its energy ; the water falls as rain .
a `` landfall '' should not be confused with a `` direct hit '' , which happens when the core of high winds -lrb- or eyewall -rrb- comes over the land but the center of the storm stays over water .
together with the high surf , these can cause a lot of beach erosion .
when a tropical cyclone makes landfall , the eye `` closes '' , surf gets less , and winds get less as the cyclone spreads out , losing energy .
in low lying areas the storm surge can stay inland for a long time and mix with chemicals already in the area to create a toxic mess .
landfall is when a tropical cyclone or waterspout moves from being over water to being over land .
the convention people 's party -lrb- cpp -rrb- was a political party made by kwame nkrumah in 1949 .
on 31 december marcia poisoned his food but he vomited up the poison ; so the conspirators sent his wrestling partner , narcissus , to strangle him in his bath .
early in 188 , cleander disposed of the current praetorian prefect , and himself took over supreme command of the praetorians at the new rank of a pugione -lrb- `` dagger-bearer '' -rrb- with two praetorian prefects subordinate to him .
in december he announced his intention to inaugurate the year 193 as both consul and gladiator on 1 january .
p106 later , he decapitated a running ostrich with a specially designed dart . and afterwards carried the bleeding head of the dead bird and his sword over to the section where the senators sat and gesticulated as though they were next .
he also ruled as co-emperor with his father marcus aurelius from 177 until his father 's death in 180 .
the fall of perennis brought a new spate of executions .
four of his sisters were considerably older than he ; the eldest , lucilla , held the rank of augusta as the widow of her first husband , lucius verus .
he also had the head of the colossus of nero adjacent to the colosseum replaced with his own portrait , gave it a club and placed a bronze lion at its feet to make it look like hercules , and added an inscription boasting of being `` the only left-handed fighter to conquer twelve times one thousand men '' .
in the view of dio cassius , a contemporary observer , his accession marked the descent `` from a kingdom of gold to one of rust and iron '' . the historian edward gibbon took commodus 's reign as the beginning of the decline of the roman empire .
the first crisis of the reign came in 182 , when lucilla engineered a conspiracy against her brother .
thus , these public fights would not end in a death .
gili air is the smallest of the gilis and it 's closest to the lombok mainland , making it popular with honeymoon couples and travelers seeking a quiet retreat .
the emperor also had a passion for gladiatorial combat , which he took so far as to take to the arena himself , dressed as a gladiator .
citizens of rome missing their feet through accident or illness were taken to the arena , where they were tethered together for commodus to club to death while pretending they were giants .
perennis took over the reins of government and commodus found a new chamberlain and favorite in cleander , a phrygian freedman who had married one of the emperor 's mistresses , demostratia .
at this point , the prefect laetus formed a conspiracy with eclectus to supplant commodus with pertinax , taking marcia into their confidence .
one of the ways he paid for his mass entertainments was to tax the senatorial order , and on many inscriptions , the traditional order of the two nominal powers of the state , the senate and people -lrb- senatus populusque romanus -rrb- is provocatively reversed -lrb- populus senatusque ... -rrb- .
the island offers excellent snorkeling and scuba diving off its east coast , and turtles can be seen along the coral reef .
in november 192 , commodus held plebian games in which he shot hundreds of animals with arrows and javelins every morning , and fought as a gladiator every afternoon , naturally winning all the bouts .
commodus 's death marked the end of the nervan-antonian dynasty , and the beginning of the end for the western roman empire .
the reign of marcus aurelius had been marked by almost continuous warfare , even though he preferred books to war . that of commodus was comparatively peaceful in the military sense but was marked by political strife , and the arbitrary and capricious behavior of the emperor himself .
`` cartman gets an anal probe '' is the first episode of the first season of south park .
according to dio cassius , perennis , though ruthless and ambitious , was not personally corrupt and generally administered the state well .
the romans found commodus ' naked gladiatorial combats to be scandalous and disgraceful .
commodus presented himself as the fountainhead of the empire and roman life and religion .
one of the two praetorian prefects , tarrutenius paternus , had actually been involved in the conspiracy , but was not detected at this time . in the aftermath , he and his co-prefect sextus tigidius perennis organised the murder of saoterus , the hated chamberlain .
commodus was succeeded by pertinax , whose reign was short lived , being the first to fall victim to the year of the five emperors .
stan , kyle and wendy meet at stark 's pondand wendy suggests that they use the device in cartman 's rear-end to contact the aliens , the boys tie cartman to a tree and a 80 foot satellite dish emerges from cartman 's rear-end .
ulpius marcellus was replaced as governor of britain by pertinax ; brought to rome and tried for treason , marcellus narrowly escaped death .
her motive is alleged to have been envy of the empress crispina .
marcia is alleged to have been a christian .
on his death , the senate declared him a public enemy and restored the original names to the city of rome and its institutions .
ben hall lived here until the age of 13 .
in this episode , stan , kyle along with his brother ike , kenny and cartman are standing at the bus stop and cartman begins telling them about the dream he had last night about being abducted by visitors , the other boys begin telling cartman that he was actually abducted by alien but cartman refuses to believe them .
the climax came in the year 190 , which had 25 suffect consulsâ '' a record in the 1,000-year history of the roman consulshipâ '' all appointed by cleander -lrb- they included the future emperor septimius severus -rrb- .
commodus was the first emperor `` born to the purple '' , that is , born during his father 's reign .
during 191 , the city of rome was extensively damaged by a fire that raged for several days , during which many public buildings including the temple of pax , the temple of vesta and parts of the imperial palace were destroyed .
at the end of june , a mob demonstrated against cleander during a horse race in the circus maximus : he sent the praetorian guard to put down the disturbances , but pertinax , who was now city prefect of rome , dispatched the vigiles urbani to oppose them .
on 15 october 184 at the capitoline games , a cynic philosopher publicly denounced perennis before commodus , who was watching . he was immediately put to death .
the spaceship appears and kyle 's brother ike leaps to safety , the aliens then begin to talk to the cows seeing them as the smartest speices on the planet and cartman is abducted yet again but is returned to the bus stop the next day .
cleander fled to commodus , who was at laurentum in the house of the quinctilii , for protection , but the mob followed him calling for his head .
lee hsien loong is the current prime minister of singapore .
fredrik larsson is the bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall .
as the boys get on the bus and drive off they watch in horror as the aliens abduct ike .
in many cases , serfs had to get permission from their lord to marry someone who was not a serf for that lord .
serfdom developed in eastern europe after the black death epidemics .
if his lord sold some land , the serf of that land went with it to serve their new lord .
the boys are in the the cafeteria and after chef sees a machine emerge from cartman 's rear-end , chef helps the boys escape the school to save kyle 's brother ike by pulling the fire alarm .
in western europe , the rise of powerful monarchs , towns , and an improving economy weakened the manorial system through the 13th and 14th centuries . serfdom was not common after the renaissance .
at the same time , there were more protests by serfs and peasants , like tylerâ s rebellion in england in 1381 . this put pressure on the nobility and the clergy to change the system and make it better .
russian serfdom was different than in other eastern european countries , because it wasnâ t changed by german law and people coming from germany . the serfdom and manorialism systems were forced by the crown -lrb- tsar -rrb- , not the nobility .
this empire had ruled most of western europe for more than 200 years . it was followed by a long time when there were no strong central governments in most of europe .
this system gave most of the agricultural labor during the middle ages .
a serf could sometimes buy his freedom .
a serf could get and keep property and money . some serfs had more money and property than their free neighbors .
in some places , serfdom changed into different types of taxation .
wwe no mercy was a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- .
the highest peak is jbel toubkal , with an elevation of 4,167 metres -lrb- 13,671 ft -rrb- in southwestern morocco .
the atlas ranges separate the mediterranean and atlantic coastlines from the sahara desert .
on the eve of world war ii , he helped alert president franklin d. roosevelt that germany might be developing an atomic weapon , and recommended that the u.s. begin nuclear research .
he taught physics at the institute for advanced study at princeton , new jersey , until his death in 1955 .
following the turko-persian mahmud of ghazni 's ghaznavid conquest of south asia , a hybrid language of turkish , arabic and persian and local dialects began to form , one that would eventually be known as urdu .
einstein published more than 300 scientific papers and over 150 non-scientific works .
its job is to provide `` weather , hydrologic , and climate forecasts and warnings for the united states , its territories , adjacent waters and ocean areas , for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the national economy . ''
the national weather service -lrb- also known as nws -rrb- is one of the six scientific agencies that make up the national oceanic and atmospheric administration -lrb- noaa -rrb- of the united states government .
in 1947 , pakistan became a dominion and part of the british commonwealth with the british monarch as head of state , represented by the governor-general of pakistan .
the president of pakistan -lrb- urdå `` : ø ø ø sadr-e-mumlikat -rrb- is the head of state of pakistan .
under persian influence from the state , the persian script and nasta ` liq form of cursive writing was adopted , with additional figures added to accommodate the indic phonetic system .
a few weeks later , he was overthrown by general ayub khan , who then declared himself president .
according to the constitution , the president is chosen by the electoral college to serve a five-year term .
the effects produced by bzp are comparable to those produced by amphetamine .
side-effects include acute psychosis , problems with the kidneys adverse effects have been reported following its use including acute psychosis and seizures .
benzylpiperazine , commonly referred to as bzp is an recreational drug .
it does not appear to be very addictive and no deaths have been reported following taking bzp once . there have been at least two deaths which resulted from the combination of bzp and mdma .
in 2006 a study showing that the malaria mosquito -lrb- anopheles gambiae -rrb- is attracted equally to the smell of limburger and to the smell of human feet earned the ig nobel prize in the area of biology .
limburger cheese is a cheese made from cows ' milk . its name comes from the duchy of limburg , which is divided between holland , belgium and germany today .
the city stands on the hills and valleys surrounding the head of otago harbour .
milena leticia roucka -lrb- born october 25 , 1979 in vancouver , british columbia -rrb- is a canadian professional wrestler and former model currently wrestling for wwe on its smackdown brand under the ring name , rosa mendes .
the festival has been held in the town of kostrzyn nad odrä
its motto is `` love , friendship and music . ''
the festival is named for and was inspired by the woodstock festival -lrb- przystanek woodstock is polish for woodstock gathering -rrb- .
the director of the ngv then canceled the show .
the piece won the southeastern center for contemporary art 's `` awards in the visual arts '' competition . this contest gets some of its money from the national endowment from the arts , a united states government group that gives money to art projects .
during a showing of serrano 's works at the national gallery of victoria -lrb- ngv -rrb- in 1997 , then archbishop george pelli tried to get the supreme court of victoria to stop the gallery from showing the work .
some grammatical elements peculiar to persian , such as the enclitic ezä fe , and the use of the takhallus , were readily absorbed into urdu literature both religious and secular .
a few days later , one visitor tried to take the work off of the gallery wall , and two teenagers later attacked the work with a hammer .
the photo caused some dispute when it was first shown in 1989 . some people who were against the photo , including united states senators al d'amanto and jesse helms were upset that serrano was given $ 15,000 for the work .
supporters of the work said the piss christ is an issue of artistic freedom and freedom of speech .
the picture is of a small plastic crucifix that is in a glass of serrano 's urine .
sister wendy beckett , an art critic and catholic nun , said in a television interview with bill moyers that she did not think the work was blasphemous . she thought that it was but a statement on `` what we have done to christ ''
seattle is on the west side of the lake , lake city , bothell , and kenmore to the north , kirkland and bellevue to the east , and renton to the south . mercer island is in the south end of the lake .
a famous cross-over writer was amir khusro , whose persian and urdu couplets are to this day read in south asia .
freedom of the city is an honor given by some municipalities in australia , canada , ireland , france , italy , new zealand , south africa , the united kingdom , and zimbabwe to esteem members of its community or to organizations that have given the community heroic service .
ytres is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
norm van brocklin -lrb- march 15 , 1926 â `` may 2 , 1983 -rrb- was an american football coach for the atlanta falcons .
besides the ferry crossings listed , there are commuter boat services along the river in london , and tourist boat services running both in london and upstream .
although the main purpose of these services is not to carry people across the river , it may be possible to use them to do so .
the most famous demilitarized zone is the korean demilitarized zone on the land between north korea and south korea . no one can go into the demilitarized zone , so the wildlife is well preserved .
bill bixby born january 22 , 1934 in san francisco , california , u.s. - november 21 , 1993 in california , u.s. , was an american actor director and producer .
plant propagation is when a plant is distributed .
adam david vernon foote -lrb- born july 10 , 1971 in whitby , ontario -rrb- is a retired professional canadian ice hockey defenceman that played 20 seasons in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- most notably with the quebec nordiques\/colorado avalanche orginazations .
toru sano -lrb- born november 1963 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
there are four more known dwarf planets , ceres , makemake , eris and haumea .
despite the heavy influence of persian on urdu , linguistically , urdu is not classified as an iranian language -lrb- as is persian -rrb- but rather as an indo-aryan language -lrb- like punjabi , gujarati , punjabi , seraiki and sindhi -rrb- .
port is a commune . it is found in the region rhã ne-alpes in the ain department in the east of france .
it may have been created by a major impact , which caused the moon to disrupt and reassemble , or by the crust rifting .
the cliff has been estimated at 5 kilometers -lrb- 3 mi -rrb- and 20 kilometers -lrb- 12.4 mi -rrb- high , making it the tallest known cliff in the solar system .
william john paul `` liam '' gallagher -lrb- born 21 september 1972 -rrb- is an english musician and songwriter best known as a singer in the rock band oasis .
agriculture and the building trades are the primary sources of employment in the town .
luigi di biagio -lrb- born 3 june 1971 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
flamsteed designations are for stars that are similar to bayer designations . however , they use numbers instead of greek letters .
flamsteed designations are for stars that are similar to bayer designations .
the greater hyderabad municipal corporation -lrb- abbreviated to ghmc -rrb- is an urban planning agency that oversees hyderabad , india .
the greater hyderabad municipal corporation -lrb- abbreviated to ghmc -rrb- is an urban planning agency that oversees hyderabad , india . the greater hyderabad municipal corporation is also the local government for the city of hyderabad .
it grew from the interaction of persian and turkic speaking muslim soldiers and the native peoples .
the back of the body of the black-capped chickadee is gray .
in 1997 r. j. rummel wrote a book called statistics of democide : genocide and mass murder since 1900 , in chapter 8 called statistics of pakistan 's democide - estimates , calculations , and sources he says : in east pakistan -lrb- now bangladesh -rrb- -lrb- general agha mohammed yahya khan and his top generals -rrb- also planned to murder its bengali intellectual , cultural , and political elite .
on the other hand , the one who gave the money to start it was horace brinsmade silliman , a businessman from cohoes , new york .
urdu soon gained distinction in literary and cultural spheres because of the hybrid nature of the language .
in college , silliman teaches many things such as accountancy , business administration , engineering , information technology , law , medicine , nursing , biology , chemistry , education , marine sciences , physics , theology , philosophy , psychology , and public administration among others .
since these persons also have a lot of things to do and think about , they are also assisted by other people called deans , directors , department chairpersons , coordinators and unit heads of the different colleges , schools , institutes , units , research centers , programs and extension projects of the university .
silliman offers early childhood , elementary , high school , and college education .
it has a farm , a place for students to live in called dormitories , and other buildings of the college of agriculture . located beside the college is the marine laboratory and the silliman beach .
fiennes , pas-de-calais is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
the minnesota twins are a major league baseball team in minneapolis , minnesota .
the supercopa de espaã a is a two-leg spanish football championship contested by the winners of the la liga and the copa del rey .
hayuma tanaka -lrb- born 31 july 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
these dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the eastern pacific basin .
andernos-les-bains is a commune .
it formed on august 20 . ioke rapidly became a major hurricane 36 hours later .
it also caused heavy rain in alaska . ioke is the most intense storm ever in the central pacific and the only category 5 storm that formed in the basin .
in august , hurricane flossie formed in the eastern pacific and crossed into the central pacific , threatening hawaii but causing little damage .
in early september , hurricane henriette dropped heavy rainfall in southwest mexico , which caused nine fatalities and $ 25 million -lrb- 2007 usd -rrb- in damage .
the season began slowly ; through the end of july , the seasonal ace was the third lowest since the geostationary satellite era began in 1966 .
the 2007 pacific hurricane season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation .
tropical storm barbara in june caused $ 55 million -lrb- 2007 usd -rrb- in crop damage in southeastern mexico from heavy precipitation .
the inactivity continued through the next month , which was the third quietest august in terms of ace since reliable records began in the basin in 1971 .
these dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the pacific basin .
it is 303 meters -lrb- 995 feet -rrb- tall and has 64 floors .
the proboscis mae monkey is known for its very unique , large floppy nose , and the name is taken from the nose , as well .
the proboscis monkey is found only on the island of borneo in southeast asia . they are the only member species nasalis larvatus of the nasalis genus .
homework is usually given to students by the teachers .
some students will get more homework and some will get less .
billy-sur-aisne is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
coming from the north , vehicles can enter via bukit timah road and scotts road which leads into orchard road .
shopping malls along orchard road like lucky plaza and liat towers were affected by the flood .
the normal parts to made a complete skateboard are the deck , trucks , wheels , bearings , hardware , and griptape .
the first shop was tangs which was founded in 1934 and got its shop at orchard road in the 1950s .
however , due to the construction of ion orchard , the entrance of the orchard entrance has been moved underground below the upcoming mall .
orchard road got its name from the nutmeg , pepper and fruit orchards that used to grow on both sides of the street .
flash floods occurred at the road junction with scotts road on 16 june 2010 after 100mm of rain fell from 8 am to 11 am that morning , it is the worst flood at the junction since 1984 .
the flood had caused some shopping mall and underground car parks to be under the water .
orchard road has the istana at the southern end of the road , which is the official house for the president of singapore .
the major bus stops along orchard road are situated at :
there are many bus services provided by sbs transit and smrt that go to orchard road .
the city also has riverside municipal museum , the california museum of photography , and the california citrus state historic park . in 1873 , the parent washington navel orange tree was planted in riverside , and it is one of two original orange trees in california .
from the south , vehicles can enter through orchard boulevard and paterson road .
there are taxi stands at forum the shopping mall , all hotels , lucky plaza , wisma atria , ngee ann city , the paragon , the heeren shops , centrepoint shopping centre , next to specialists ' shopping centre and plaza singapura .
these three stations are important placces for commuters , locals , students and tourists who travel to the orchard road shopping and business district .
rescuers had to pull out about 70 passengers from cars and buses , as flooding closed down orchard road , which is lined with high-end shopping malls and tourist attractions .
lega pro prima divisione is a football league which is third division in italy .
helsinki olympic stadium -lrb- or olympiastadion -rrb- is a sports stadium located in the capital of finland , helsinki .
it is also home to finland 's national football team .
in 1873 , the parent washington navel orange tree was planted in riverside , and it is one of two original orange trees in california .
the atlanta falcons chose him with the first pick in the 2001 nfl draft .
vanderlei luxemburgo -lrb- born 10 may 1952 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player and football coach .
gavin mccann -lrb- born 10 january 1978 -rrb- is an english football player .
baylor university 's men athletics teams are called the bears and the women 's athletic teams are called the lady bears .
appeal to reason is the fifth studio album by american punk rock band rise against .
after touring in support of their last album , the sufferer & the witness , rise against began to record appeal to reason in january 2008 at the blasting room studio in fort collins , colorado .
the album produced three singles : `` re-education -lrb- through labor -rrb- '' , `` audience of one '' , and `` savior '' .
the album is the band 's first release with current guitarist zach blair .
appeal to reason is rise against 's highest charting album , getting to number three on the billboard 200 chart and selling 64,700 copies in its first week of release .
the list also includes some other structures like oil platforms , electrical towers , bridge towers , etc. .
a mast is a man-made support structure , commonly used on sailing ships as support for sails , or on land as radio masts and towers used to support telecommunication equipment such as radio antennas -lrb- `` aerials '' in the uk -rrb- .
skyscrapers are often referred to as towers and some towers use the term mast .
most of the structures are television broadcasting masts . there are also the taller tower-type structures -lrb- like the cn tower -rrb- and the taller high rise buildings -lrb- like the sears tower -rrb- .
the terminology is further confused through misuse .
monchy-le-preux is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
vanua levu , formerly known as sandalwood island , is the second largest island of fiji .
campigneulles-les-petites is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
another writer from the netherlands wrote that double-entry bookkeeping was done by the greeks .
masaaki yanagishita -lrb- born 1 january 1960 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
wortegem-petegem is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
anyone who wants to contribute to knol must first sign in , with a google account . the users should give their real names .
the state of colorado is thought as the geoellipsoidal rectangle that reaches from 37 â n to 41 â n latitude and from 102 â 03 ' w to 109 â 03 ' w longitude -lrb- 25 â w to 32 â w from the washington meridian -rrb- .
per capita personal income in 2007 was $ 41,192 , ranking colorado eleventh in the united states .
the bureau of economic analysis estimates that the total state product in 2007 was $ 236 billion .
there is a change in climate in colorado between the rocky mountains on the west and the plains on the east with the foothills .
this has a natural increase since the last census of 205,321 people -lrb- that is 353,091 births minus 147,770 deaths -rrb- and an increase because of net migration of 159,957 people into the state .
today 's agricultural things are cattle , wheat , dairy products , corn , and hay .
early companies were based on the extraction and getting minerals and agricultural things .
as a normal rule , with an increase in height comes a decrease in temperature and an increase in rain .
before modern times the government of the isle of man was in the hands of the governor -lrb- or lieutenant governor -rrb- , who representated the lord of man , assisted by his council , consisting of the other permanent officials -lrb- the bishop , archdeacon , deemsters , attorney general , etc. -rrb- .
conflict between the house of keys -lrb- popularly elected after 1866 -rrb- and the lieutenant governor came to a head when lord raglan was lieutenant governor between 1902 and 1918 .
as noted above , a number of ` statutory boards ' and ` commercial boards ' were created at various times .
after the revestment -lrb- when the rights of the lord of man were `` placed in '' or `` vested '' in the king of great britain -rrb- in 1765 , the lieutenant governor and his officials were the agents of the british government , and not democratically responsible to the manx people .
these included the board of education -lrb- 1872 -rrb- , highway board -lrb- 1874 -rrb- , asylums board -lrb- 1888 -rrb- , government property trustees -lrb- 1891 -rrb- and local government board -lrb- 1894 -rrb- .
the executive head is the chief minister .
the formal head of the isle of man government is the lieutenant governor , representing hm queen elizabeth ii , lord of mann .
1 giant leap is a concept band and media project consisting of the two principal artists , jamie catto -lrb- faithless founding member -rrb- and duncan bridgeman .
the non-profit wikimedia foundation , which owns the name wikipedia and the servers hosting the wikipedia projects , welcomed the google knol initiative saying that `` the more good free content , the better for the world . ''
the civil service has more than 2000 employees and the total number of public sector employees including the civil service , teachers , nurses , police , etc. is about 9000 people .
the existing departments , except the treasury and the departments of education and home affairs , were dissolved , and the department of education was renamed `` the department of education and children '' .
santiago de los caballeros , or santiago for short , is a dominican city and the head municipality of the santiago , in the north central region of the country .
other universities present in santiago are : universidad organizaciã n & mã todo -lrb- o&m -rrb- , universidad abierta para adultos -lrb- uapa -rrb- , universidad nacional evangã lica and one regional campus of the state university universidad autã noma de santo domingo -lrb- uasd -rrb- .
the project was announced on december 13 , 2007 and opened in beta to the public on july 23 , 2008 . when it was opened , there were a few hundred articles mostly about health and medicine .
it marks the boundary between the islands to the west , which were influenced by religion and culture spreading from india , and the region to the east that was not so influenced .
it also apparently destroyed a small culture of southeast asian affinity , known to archaeologists as the tamboran kingdom .
it is a volcanic island , including mount tambora -lrb- 8 â 14 â 41 â s , 117 â 59 â 35 â e -rrb- which exploded in 1815 , the most destructive volcanic eruption in modern history -lrb- roughly four times larger than the 1883 eruption of krakatoa , between java and sumatra , in terms of volume of magma ejected -rrb- .
it is one of the earliest domesticated plants recorded .
this article is about the cultivation and uses of hemp . for the biology of the plant , see cannabis .
from there the use of hemp spread .
jeff chester , executive director of the center for digital democracy , raised similar concerns : `` at the end of the day , there 's a fundamental conflict between the business google is in and its social goals .
the maritime command -lrb- marcom -rrb- is the navy of canada and is often called the canadian navy .
there are many practical applications of ecology in conservation biology , wetland management , natural resource management -lrb- agriculture , forestry , fisheries -rrb- , city planning -lrb- urban ecology -rrb- , community health , economics , and applied science . it provides a framework for understanding and researching human social interaction .
chondrichthyes or cartilaginous fishes are jawed fish with paired fins , paires nostrils , scales , two-chambered hearts , and skeletons made of cartilage rather than bone .
wayne gretzky has won this trophy ten times , the most of any player .
samuel wesley was the son of methodist hymn-writer charles wesley , the grandson of the poet samuel wesley and the nephew of john wesley , the founder of the methodist church .
also forbidden is discriminatory or violent content .
template : convert\/dual\/loffacommadbsofft - invalid `` abbr = comma '' ; try with parameter 2 as `` nocomma '' instead .
lucas neill -lrb- born 9 march 1978 -rrb- is an australian football player . he plays for galatasaray and australia national team .
turner classic movies -lrb- tcm -rrb- is a cable television channel featuring commercial-free classic movies , mostly from the turner entertainment and warner bros. film libraries , which include many mgm , united artists , rko and warner bros. titles .
ricardo oliveira -lrb- born 6 may 1980 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for al-jazira .
its chemical formula is hgf2 . it has mercury and fluoride ions in it .
knol has `` nofollow '' outgoing links , using an html directive . this prevents links in its articles from influencing search engine rankings .
twigs are very important in telling apart trees , shrubs and vines , especially in wintertime .
the mercury thermometer was invented by daniel gabriel fahrenheit
the itai-itai disease , whose origin is from polluted water with cadmium , occurred in toyama around 1950 .
ama style puts superscripted page numbers inside parenthesis instead of after a colon .
content designed to promote businesses , products or services is allowed , but articles devoid of substantive content and created solely to generate ad revenue are not .
this example sentence shows the formatting produced by , which would be used to refer to a fact on page 23 of reference -lrb- 1 -rrb- .
the example below shows in use both at a first occurrence , with other references and inline superscript templates present so one can see how it looks when used in series , and at a later occurrence .
overuse of this template will make prose harder to read , and is likely to be reverted by other editors .
it can of course also be used for non-numeric pages , for example `` f. 29 '' , `` a7 '' , `` back cover '' , etc. , and can also be used for non-paginated sources , e.g. `` 0:35:12 '' for a video source .
in the vast majority of cases , citing page numbers in the code is just fine .
it is a solution for the problem of an article with a source that must be cited many , many times , at numerous different pages .
this template is only intended for sources that are used many , many times in the same article , to such an extent that normal citation would produce a useless line in or too many individual ones .
do not add `` page '' , `` pp . ''
it is an alternative to the more common method of using shortened footnotes , that does not require the reader to follow two links to see the source .
this template -lrb- the name of which stands for `` reference pages '' -rrb- is for appending harvard referencing-style page numbers to cite.php-generated inline reference citations .
if a reference needs a page number but it is missing , use or .
when the project was announced , manber said that `` google will not serve as an editor in any way , and will not bless any content .
for editors that prefer this style , this template has parameters page , pages , and at .
`` page number -lrb- s -rrb- '' can be a single page number -lrb- 287 -rrb- , several -lrb- xii , 287 , 292 , 418 -rrb- or a range -lrb- 287 â `` 88 -rrb- or any combination thereof .
use this template when you are referring to a specific page within a cited source .
marest is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
yoshinori ishigami -lrb- born 4 november 1957 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
condã - sur-suippe is a commune .
knol has a policy that specifies topics that are unacceptable for the project .
it is the sixth game in the call of duty series .
carp have been a source of food to humans , as well as popular ornamental fishes like the koi and goldfish .
google '' -lrb- believes -rrb- that knowing who wrote what will significantly help users make better use of web content '' . the company hopes that `` knols will include the opinions and points of view of the authors who will put their reputation on the line '' .
antonios nikopolidis -lrb- born 14 january 1971 -rrb- is a greek football player .
this period saw a burst of apparently rapid evolution , dubbed the ` cambrian explosion ' .
however , complex , image-forming eyes evolved some 50 to 100 times â `` using many of the same proteins and genetic toolkits in their construction .
how this biochemical toolkit is used to interpret an organism 's environment varies widely . eyes have a wide range of structures and forms , all of which have evolved quite late relative to the underlying proteins and molecules .
eyes show a wide range of adaptations to meet the requirements of the organisms which bear them .
one biologist holds that the evolution of eyes started an arms race that led to a rapid spate of evolution .
eyes may vary in their acuity , the range of wavelengths they can detect , their sensitivity in low light levels , their ability to detect motion or resolve objects , and whether they can discriminate colors .
they can not distinguish shapes or determine the direction light is coming from .
complex eyes appear to have first evolved within a few million years , in the rapid burst of evolution known as the cambrian explosion .
people have described knol as a rival to other encyclopedia sites such as wikipedia and scholarpedia .
certain components of the eye , such as the visual pigments , appear to have a common ancestry â `` that is , they evolved once , before the animals radiated .
vision itself relies on a basic biochemistry which is common to all eyes .
together with the leading flagellum , the eyespot allows the organism to move in response to light to assist in photosynthesis , and to predict day and night , the primary function of circadian rhythms .
at a cellular level , there appear to be two main `` designs '' of eyes , one possessed by the protostomes -lrb- molluscs , annelid worms and arthropods -rrb- , the other by the deuterostomes -lrb- chordates and echinoderms -rrb- .
the first fossils of eyes appeared during the lower cambrian period , about 540 million years ago .
its red pigment shades a collection of light sensitive crystals .
eyespots can only distinguish light from dark . this is enough for photoperiodism and daily synchronization of circadian rhythms .
it is difficult to estimate the rate of eye evolution .
simple modelling , supposing small mutations exposed to natural selection , shows that a primitive optical sense organ based upon efficient photopigments could evolve into a complex human-like eye in about 400,000 years .
there is no evidence of eyes before the cambrian , but a wide range of diversity is evident in the middle cambrian burgess shale .
the earliest light sensors were photoreceptor proteins . they are eyespots , found in protists .
the euglenas eyespot , called a stigma , is at the front .
wevelgem is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
he is most famous as a member of the beatles . he joined the group in 1962 as a replacement for their original drummer pete best .
he sang lead on some of the band 's songs including `` yellow submarine '' , `` act naturally '' , `` do n't pass me by '' , and `` octopus 's garden '' .
4lyn is a german nu metal group , based in hamburg .
there has been debate whether google search results can remain neutral because of possible conflict of interest .
an autotroph -lrb- from greek autos = self and trophe = nutrition -rrb- is an organism that makes organic compounds from simple molecules .
there are some species that need organic compounds as a source of food , but are able to use light as a source of energy .
he is probably best known as one of the architects of the modern evolutionary synthesis , which he popularized in germany .
bernhard rensch -lrb- 21 january 1900 -- 4 april 1990 -rrb- was a german evolutionary biologist , and ornithologist who did field work in indonesia and india .
his work on the evolution of geographically isolated populations , and on evolution above the species level , contributed to the modern synthesis . he also worked extensively on animal behavior -lrb- ethology -rrb- .
zimbabwe national football team is the national football team of zimbabwe .
ashley judd -lrb- born ashley tyler ciminella on april 19 , 1968 -rrb- is an american actress . she is famous for her roles in a series of late 1990s and early 2000s thriller movies , including kiss the girls , double jeopardy and high crimes .
josã antonio domã nguez banderas -lrb- born august 10 , 1960 -rrb- , better known as antonio banderas , is an spanish film actor and singer who has acted in several important hollywood films including ballistic : ecks vs. sever , assassins , interview with the vampire , mariachi sequels , philadelphia , the mask of zorro , and the shrek sequels .
marcelo salas -lrb- born 24 december 1974 -rrb- is a former chilean football player .
hiroshi sato -lrb- born 7 march 1972 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
the ` waist ' is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips that humans have .
fc seoul is a professional football club based in seoul , south korea .
it is currently owned by gs sports , a subsidiary of gs group .
the term knol , which google defines as a `` unit of knowledge '' , refers to both the project and an article in the project .
many educational institutes locate in yokohama including yokohama national university and yokohama city university .
antigua and barbuda national football team is the national football team of antigua and barbuda .
troodon is a genus of relatively small , bird-like dinosaurs from the upper cretaceous period , 75-65 million years ago .
the moche culture from northern peru made ceramics from earth , water , and fire .
the squash has been an important crop in the andes mountains since the pre-columbian era .
squash are a popular shape in moche ceramics .
there are similar words for squash in related languages of the algonquian family such as massachusett .
the english word `` squash '' comes from askutasquash -lrb- which literally means `` a green thing eaten raw '' -rrb- . this is a word from the narragansett language , which was documented by roger williams in his 1643 publication a key into the language of america .
it is usually unwritten , but it may be put in written form . because they are a product of the society 's culture and history , the rules of etiquette are very different from time to time , and from one place and social group to another .
toshihiro aoyama -lrb- born 22 february 1986 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
an http proxy works similar to a socks server , but is limited on routing http traffic only .
yucca brevifolia is a plant species in the genus yucca and in the family agavaceae .
its common names are joshua tree and yucca palm and tree yucca and palm tree yucca .
the alhambra -lrb- from arabic ø ù ù ' ø ù ù ù ' ø ù ø ø = al - ä amrä ' , literally `` the red one '' ; the complete name was ø ù ù ' ù ù ù ù ' ø ù ø ù ù ù ù ' ø ù ù
ù ' ø ù ø ø ù = al-qal ` at al - ä amrä ' = `` the red fortress '' -rrb- is a palace and fortress complex of the moorish rulers of granada in southern spain -lrb- known as al-andalus when the fortress was constructed during the mid 14th century -rrb- , occupying a hilly terrace on the southeastern border of the city of granada .
it separates long island , including the boroughs of queens and brooklyn , from the island of manhattan and the bronx .
it connects upper new york bay on its south end to long island sound on its north end .
brian steen nielsen -lrb- born 28 december 1968 -rrb- is a danish football player . he has played for denmark national team .
in 2003 he made his first album `` sin noticias de holanda '' which it has 12 songs .
in december , the same year he made two new songs `` asturias '' and `` moratalã '' which were very successful .
the club formed from a merger of two football clubs ; bilbao f.c. and athletic club in 1903 .
charly-sur-marne is a commune . it is found in the region picardie in the aisne department in the north of france .
bowyer won the 2002 nascar weekly racing series midwest championship .
in 2000 , bowyer won the modified car championship at thunderhill speedway in mayetta , kansas .
antonio da sangallo the younger , born antonio cordiani -lrb- april 12 , 1484 - august 3 , 1546 -rrb- was an italian architect active during the italian renaissance .
in 2003 , bowyer raced a full season in the nascar autozone elite division midwest series .
bowyer was seen by richard childress after leading 47 laps and finishing second in a race at nashville superspeedway .
nasjonal samling -lrb- norwegian for `` national gathering '' or `` national unity '' -rrb- was a fascist party in norway , active in the period 1933-1945 .
jurassic park : operation genesis is a video game for the pc and playstation 2 .
in 1996 the archbishop of canterbury gave him the lambeth doctorate of music to celebrate all he has done for church music .
in 1976 , it was released as part of the album never mind the bollocks : here 's the sex pistols .
josã jadã lson dos santos silva -lrb- born 4 december 1977 -rrb- is a brazilian football player .
the proposed pop4 extension adds basic folder management , multipart message support , as well as message flag management , allowing for a light protocol which supports some popular imap features which pop3 currently lacks .
pop3 and imap4 -lrb- internet message access protocol -rrb- are the two most widely accepted internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval .
in computing , the post office protocol version 3 -lrb- pop3 -rrb- is an application-layer internet standard protocol used by local e-mail clients to get e-mail from a remote server over a tcp\/ip connection .
`` anarchy in the u.k. '' is a punk rock song by the sex pistols .
reverend swaggart is married to frances swaggart and has one son , donnie .
his beautiful wife , frances , is a co-laborer with him and also hosts the popular sonlife radio program , frances and friends .
at 8919 world ministry ave. reverend jimmy swaggart first started his television ministry in 1975 and it continues today , over 33 years later , airing nationally and internationally to a potential viewing audience of over 80 million .
the pro bowl is the all-star game for the national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- . it is played at the end of the season after the super bowl .
this is a picture of a sine wave .
sine waves have a `` length '' called a wavelength . there are other properties of waves and sine waves , such as their frequency , amplitude , phase , and speed .
of mice and men was made into a movie several times , the first in 1939 , only two years after the publication of the novel .
this version of of mice and men stars lon chaney jr. as lennie , burgess meredith as george , and was directed by lewis milestone .
the new york rangers are an ice hockey team in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
the bombay stock exchange is a stock exchange in dalal street , mumbai , india .
gabriel heinze -lrb- born 19 april 1978 -rrb- is an argentine football player . he plays for olympique marseille and argentina national team .
adding an parameter allows extra css classes to be specified .
tamara `` tammy '' faye messner -lrb- march 7 , 1942 - july 20 , 2007 -rrb- was an american christian singer , evangelist , entrepreneur , author , talk show host , and television personality .
taku watanabe -lrb- born 9 november 1971 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
in october 1981 , he started to work as bureau chief and was a close collaborator of federal finance minister hans matthã fer and his successor manfred lahnstein .
in 1975 sarrazin started to work in the federal ministry of finance .
during his time as head of the federal ministry of finance , he was partly responsible for german railways .
even after the end of the socialist-liberal coalition in october 1982 , sarrazin remained in the finance ministry . there he was director of several units , including -lrb- from 1989 to 1990 -rrb- the `` innerdeutsche beziehungen '' , which the german monetary , economic and social union prepared .
i do not have to acknowledge anyone who lives by welfare , denies the very state that provides that welfare , refuses to care for the education of his children and constantly produces new little headscarf-girls . ''
`` integration needs performance from those that are to be integrated .
sarrazin is married to ursula sarrazin -lrb- nã e breit -rrb- and has two sons .
this meta-template is used to style section hatnotes which direct users to related articles .
until 1981 he served as head of unit in the ministry of labor and social affairs . in 1981 , he returned to the federal ministry of finance .
haisnes is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
villefranche-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur in the alpes-maritimes department in the south of france .
he uses rock elements into his recordings and live performances .
in 2001 , brooks officially retired from recording and performing , after having conflicts between his career and family .
yuki ishida -lrb- born 4 november 1980 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he has played for tokushima vortis .
in february 2007 it was announced that glau would be playing a role of cameron phillips in the sarah connor chronicles , a spin-off of the terminator series of movies . this character is a terminator infiltration unit sent back to protect john connor and sarah connor from skynet .
when a colony of any country becomes independent , it is decolonization . thus , decolonization is opposite of colonization .
this is also decolonization .
davor å uker -lrb- born 1 january 1968 -rrb- is a former croatian football player .
adrian pierce rogers , th . d. -lrb- september 12 , 1931 â `` november 15 , 2005 -rrb- , was an american pastor , author , and a three-term president of the southern baptist convention -lrb- 1979-1980 and 1986-1988 -rrb- .
summer glau -lrb- born july 24 , 1981 in san antonio , texas -rrb- is an american dancer and actress . she is best known for playing as river tam in the science fiction television series firefly and movie serenity .
the toys are similar to other small plush toys . each toy comes with a special code that lets the person who owns it use the `` webkinz world '' website .
he graduated from the moscow conservatory . he won second prize in the international frederick chopin piano competition in warsaw in 1955 and the first prize in the queen elisabeth music competition in brussels in 1956 .
waldemar de brito -lrb- born 17 may , 1913 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player . he has played for brazil national team .
christoffer andersson -lrb- born 22 october 1978 -rrb- is a swedish football player .
the last competition rovers won was the first division in 2005 .
the sligo rovers captain is conor o grady who used to play with cork city and is also a local of sligo .
sunday morning was released by the pop\/rock band maroon 5 . the single is the 4th single off the album songs about jane and is the 8th track as well .
in germany a kreisfreie stadt is the equivalent term for a city which is responsible for the local and the kreis -lrb- district -rrb- administrative level .
typically unitary authorities cover large towns or cities , which are large enough to be independent of county or regional administration .
a unitary authority is a type of local authority that is responsible for all local government functions within its area .
sometimes they consist of counties which have no lower level of administration .
in the united kingdom , `` unitary authorities '' are english councils which are responsible for almost all local government functions within their areas .
dwight howard -lrb- born december 8 , 1985 -rrb- is a professional basketball player . he plays for the orlando magic of the national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- .
sense and sensibility is a book by jane austen .
sandrans is a commune .
it is located in the region provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur in the alpes-maritimes department in the southeast of france .
partial reform of local government in england since 1995 has led to the creation of so-called ceremonial counties to which lord-lieutenants are now appointed .
the internet movie database -lrb- imdb -rrb- is an online database of information -lrb- facts -rrb- about actors , movies , television shows , and video games .
the local government -lrb- scotland -rrb- act 1973 replaced the counties with regions , and each region was to have one or more lord-lieutenants appointed .
the head of the commission is the lord mayor of london .
the lieutenancies act 1997 is the most recent piece of primary legislation dealing with lieutenancies in england and includes the definitive list of the current areas used .
the usual age of retirement is 75 . they are appointed for life , although the sovereign may remove them .
it was not until the threat of invasion by the forces of spain in 1585 that lieutenants were appointed to all counties .
the title lord lieutenant is given to the british monarch 's personal representatives around the united kingdom , usually in a county , with varying tasks throughout history .
section 218 of the local government act 1972 that established the new system stated : `` her majesty shall appoint a lord-lieutenant for each county in england and wales and for greater london ... '' the act appears to be the first statutory use of the term `` lord-lieutenant '' for lieutenants to counties .
his creation dates from the tudors .
after the defeat of the spanish armada , the need for lieutenants was reduced â '' and the lieutenancies of some counties were left vacant in the 1590s .
the lord lieutenant of ireland was the head of the british administration in ireland until the foundation of the irish free state in 1922 .
he raised was responsible for the efficiency of the local militia units of the county , and afterwards of the yeomanry , and volunteers .
the territorial and reserve forces act 1907 established county territorial force associations , of which the lord-lieutenant was to be head .
usually a retired local notable , senior military officer , peer or business person is given the post honourarily .
male lord-lieutenants wear a dark blue uniform in the style of an army no. 1 dress along with a cap and sword with a steel scabbard .
lieutenancies became more organised soon , probably in the reign of his successor edward vi , their establishment being approved by the english parliament in 1550 .
his writings show that dã 1\/4 rer was highly sympathetic to martin luther , and he may have been influential in the city council declaring for luther in 1525 .
dã 1\/4 rer appears to have been collecting for his own cabinet of curiosities , and he sent back to nuremberg various animal horns , a piece of coral , some large fish fins , and a wooden weapon from the east indies .
today , gyeongju is not only influenced by its history -- it is influenced by the economic , demographic and social changes in south korean culture .
on his return to nuremberg in 1495 , dã 1\/4 rer opened his own workshop .
in fact , very soon after he got back to nuremberg , on 7 july 1494 dã 1\/4 rer was married to agnes frey .
dã 1\/4 rer wrote that giovanni bellini was the oldest and still the best of the artists in venice .
dã 1\/4 rer wanted to meet martin schongauer , the best engraver of northern europe , but schongauer died shortly before dã 1\/4 rer 's arrival .
it had 1,809 woodcut pictures by the wolgemut workshop .
his first painted self-portrait is now in the louvre . it was painted in strasbourg , probably so that dã 1\/4 rer could send it back to his fiancã e in nuremberg . .
this was the altar-piece known as the adoration of the virgin or the feast of rose garlands .
dã 1\/4 rer was the third child and second son of his parents , who had between fourteen and eighteen children .
dã 1\/4 rer probably did not cut any of the woodblocks himself .
by this time dã 1\/4 rer 's engravings were very popular and were being copied .
during this period he also completed the two woodcut series , the great passion and the life of the virgin .
within three months dã 1\/4 rer left for italy .
dã 1\/4 rer 's father died in 1502 and his mother died in 1513 .
wolgemut was the leading artist in nuremberg at the time , and had a large workshop making different types of works of art , in particular woodcuts for books .
he made the first seven scenes of the great passion in the same year , and a little later , a series of eleven on the holy family and saints .
around 1503 â `` 1505 he produced the first seventeen of a set illustrating the life of the virgin , which he did not finish for some years .
dã 1\/4 rer was admired by the venetians , but he was back in nuremberg by mid-1507 . he stayed in germany until 1520 .
the famous works he made in this period were the thirty-seven woodcuts for the little passion , published first in 1511 , and a set of fifteen small engravings on the same theme in 1512 .
dã 1\/4 rer died in nuremberg at the age of 56 . he left money and goods worth 6,874 florins - a considerable sum .
in 1513 and 1514 he created his three most famous engravings , the knight , death , and the devil -lrb- or simply , the knight , as he called it , 1513 -rrb- , melencolia i , and st. jerome in his study -lrb- both 1514 -rrb- .
in brussels he saw `` the things which have been sent to the king from the golden land '' â '' the aztec treasure that hernã n cortã s had sent home to holy roman emperor charles v following the fall of mexico .
dã 1\/4 rer 's best known individual engravings -lrb- that is , ones that are not part of a series -rrb- include knight , death , and the devil -lrb- 1513 -rrb- , saint jerome in his study -lrb- 1514 -rrb- and melencolia i -lrb- 1514 -rrb- .
she was the daughter of a well known brass worker -lrb- and amateur harpist -rrb- in the city .
after completing his term of apprenticeship in 1489 , dã 1\/4 rer followed the common german custom of taking a wanderjahre â '' in effect a gap year . dã 1\/4 rer was away nearly four years , traveling through germany , switzerland , and probably , the netherlands .
other paintings dã 1\/4 rer made in venice include , the virgin and child with the goldfinch , christ disputing with the doctors -lrb- supposedly produced in just five days -rrb- , and a number of smaller works .
dã 1\/4 rer had started to learn goldsmithing and drawing from his father .
dã 1\/4 rer made large numbers of other practice drawings , especially for his paintings and engravings , and many survive , most famously the praying hands -lrb- 1508 albertina , vienna -rrb- .
neither these , nor the great passion , were published as sets until several years later , but prints were sold individually in considerable numbers .
it had strong links with italy , especially venice , a relatively short distance across the alps .
but he had designed and cut woodblocks for woodcut as part of his training in wolgemut 's studio , and he had seen many carved and painted altarpieces made in the studio . this means he knew what could be made into a woodblock print , and how to work with the expert block cutters .
the venetian artist jacopo de ' barbari , whom dã 1\/4 rer had met in venice , visited nuremberg in 1500 , and dã 1\/4 rer said that he learned much about the new developments in perspective , anatomy , and body proportions from him .
dã 1\/4 rer may well have worked on some of these , as the work on the project began while he was with wolgemut .
dã 1\/4 rer 's godfather was anton koberger , who left goldsmithing to become a printer and publisher in the year dã 1\/4 rer was born .
during the first five years , 1507 â `` 1511 , after his return from venice dã 1\/4 rer mostly painted . he made his four best paintings , adam and eve -lrb- 1507 -rrb- , virgin with the iris -lrb- 1508 -rrb- , the altarpiece the assumption of the virgin -lrb- 1509 -rrb- , and the adoration of the trinity by all the saints -lrb- 1511 -rrb- .
dã 1\/4 rer either drew his design directly onto the woodblock itself , or glued a paper drawing to the block .
dã 1\/4 rer wrote that this treasure trove `` was much more beautiful to me than miracles .
this is a series of drawings show dã 1\/4 rer 's experiments in human proportion , before he made his famous engraving of adam and eve -lrb- 1504 -rrb- .
his most iconic images are his woodcuts of the four horsemen of the apocalypse -lrb- 1497 â `` 1498 -rrb- from the apocalypse series , the rhinoceros , and numerous self-portraits in oils .
the causes of the bronze age collapse - which extended throughout the eastern mediterranean - remain obscure , although drought , famine and other stresses may be behind the widespread population movements of the time ; in any case , a number of important canaanite cities were destroyed at the end of the bronze age -lrb- although the process was spread out over more than a century -rrb- , and canaanite culture was gradually absorbed into that of the philistines , phoenicians and israelites .
an inscription of the egyptian pharaoh shoshenq i , probably identical with the biblical shishak , record a series of campaigns apparently directed at the area immediately north of jerusalem in the second half of the 10th century bce .
to the east again lie the steep-sided valley occupied by the jordan river , the dead sea , and the wadi of the arabah , which continues down to the eastern arm of the red sea .
the coastal area of the southern levant , large in the south and becoming short to the north , the southernmost part has a zone of foothills , the shephalah ; like the plain this area narrows as it goes northwards , ending at mount carmel .
judean exiles returned from babylon early in the following persian period , starting the period in the starting of a judahite presence in the province of yehud , as judah was now called .
in 2002 his setting of psalm 150 , written for the queen 's golden jubilee , was performed at the thanksgiving service in st paul 's cathedral , london .
israel became an important local power in the 9th and 8th centuries bce before falling to the assyrians ; the southern kingdom , judah , enjoyed a period of richness as a dependency of the greater empires of the region before a revolt against babylon led to it being destoried early in the 6th century .
about a hundred years later , in the 9th century bce , the assyrian king shalmaneser iii names ahab of israel among his enemies at the battle of qarqar -lrb- 853 bce -rrb- , while in the mesha stele -lrb- c. 830 bce -rrb- a king of moab celebrates his success in throwing off the oppression of the `` house of omri '' -lrb- i.e. israel -rrb- . similarly , the tel dan stele tells of the death of a king of israel , probably jehoram , at the hands of an aramaen king about 841 bce .
the kingdom established by the maccabees was a conscious attempt to revive the judah described in the bible : a jewish monarchy ruled from jerusalem and stretching over all the territories once ruled by david and solomon .
the eastern mediterranean seaboard - the levant - goes 400 miles north to south from the taurus mountains to the sinai desert , and 70 to 100 miles east to west between the sea and the arabian desert .
yehud was absorbed into the subsequent greek-ruled kingdoms which followed the conquests of alexander the great .
corey crawford -lrb- born december 31 , 1984 in chã cents teauguay , quebec -rrb- is a professional canadian ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the chicago blackhawks of the nhl and made his debut with the blackhawks on january 22 , 2006 against the minnesota wild .
in 2005 scholz was elected a member of the sixteenth bundestag , and succeeded franz mã 1\/4 ntefering as minister of labor and social affairs , when the latter left office in 2007 .
olaf scholz , born in osnabrã 1\/4 ck , is a german politician of the social democratic party of germany and has been mayor of hamburg since 7 march 2011 .
when the bridge was finished , it was the longest bridge in the world .
the golden gate bridge is a bridge that crosses over the san francisco bay .
the trip by ferry took 20 minutes to complete . before the bridge was built , san francisco was the biggest american city still served mostly by ferries .
tomã å ujfaluå i -lrb- born 24 march 1978 -rrb- is a czech football player . he plays for atlã tico madrid and czech republic national team .
peter graves march 18 , 1926 - march 14 , 2010 , was an american actor .
the leo belgicus is a map of the low countries -lrb- the netherlands , luxembourg and belgium -rrb- . they are drawn in the shape of a lion .
anzin-saint-aubin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
archaeological evidence shows that upper egyptian culture replaced the buto-culture at the delta when upper and lower egypt were unified .
it precedes super mario bros. 2 -lrb- 1988 -rrb- and was followed by super mario world in 1990 . it is one of the games in super mario all-stars .
victoria falls is a waterfall , found in south central africa in the zambezi river between southeast zambia and northwest zimbabwe .
it also includes one of the earliest iron-framed hothouses built in italy .
today there are different sections in the garden containing the botanical school , gardens , ponds , greenhouses , and various buildings .
guã reins is a commune .
instyle is a monthly womenâ s magazine , published by time inc. , which is about the private side of public faces .
it has a circulation of about 1.7 million .
it crystallizes in the cubic crystal system often showing octahedral forms .
louis married three times .
galena is one of the most common and widely used sulfide minerals .
it is often found with the minerals sphalerite , calcite and fluorite .
galena is the main ore of lead .
barium nitrate is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is ba -lrb- no3 -rrb- 2 .
barium nitrate can be mixed with powdered aluminium and zinc . this makes an explosive .
it can be made by reacting sodium nitrate with barium chloride .
barium nitrate is very toxic . sulfates can be given if someone eats barium , because they turn it into nontoxic barium sulfate .
such radiation occurs in outer space and when flying at high altitudes in the van allen radiation belts . they also occur in nuclear explosions , and near nuclear reactors and other sources of radiation .
radiation hardening is the designing of electronic parts and systems so they can withstand the damage done by ionizing radiation . such radiation occurs in outer space and when flying at high altitudes in the van allen radiation belts .
in the past , the term non-vascular plant included all the algae , but also the fungi as well .
the term non-vascular plant is no longer used in scientific nomenclature .
non-vascular plants include two distantly related groups :
although non-vascular plants do not have these particular tissues , a number of them possess other tissues specialized for internal transport of water .
non-vascular plants is a general term for those plants without a vascular system -lrb- xylem and phloem -rrb- .
today , it is recognized that these groups are not closely related to plants , and have a very different biology .
many cultures do have an oral law , while most legal systems of today have a formal written organization .
louis vii , called the younger or the young -lrb- ; 1120 â `` 18 september 1180 -rrb- , was king of france from 1137 until his death . he was the son and successor of louis vi .
an oral law are rules of human behavior in use in a given culture , religion or other groupe , which is transmitted by oral tradition and respected , or a single rule that is orally transmitted .
stipe pletikosa -lrb- born 8 january 1979 -rrb- is a croatian football player . he plays for spartak moscow and croatia national team .
lower normandy -lrb- called basse-normandie in french -rrb- is one of the administrative regions of france . it first became a region in 1956 , when the old region of normandy was split , into a part to the west -lrb- and south -rrb- , the current lower normandy , and upper normandy , more to the east and the north .
hideki katsura -lrb- born 6 march 1970 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
in a linear equation , both terms have to be constant .
seminole county , florida is a county located in florida .
the first jammer to get through the pack without leaving the track gets to be the `` lead jammer '' . the lead jammer can put her hands on her hips when she wants to stop the jam early .
then another whistle blows , and the jammers try to catch up to pack .
the first jammer to get through the pack without leaving the track gets to be the `` lead jammer '' .
the lead jammer can put her hands on her hips when she wants to stop the jam early .
jammers get a 2-minute time period , called a jam , when they can score points .
kalyke is about 5.2 kilometres in diameter , and orbits jupiter at an average distance of 23,181,000 km in 721.021 days , at an inclination of 166 â to the ecliptic -lrb- 165 â to jupiter 's equator -rrb- , with an eccentricity of 0.2140 .
he became director of music at clare college in 1975 and made the choir internationally famous .
edwards attended west buckland school where his ability in the triple jump was seen at an early age .
edwards lives with his wife alison in gosforth , newcastle upon tyne . he has two sons , nathan and sam .
at one point in 2002 , edwards held all the gold medals for the `` four majors '' -lrb- olympic games , world championships , commonwealth games & european championships -rrb- .
he also won golds at the 2001 world championships and 2002 commonwealth games .
he was a devout christian . he presented episodes of the bbc christian worship program songs of praise .
one thing that i can say , however , is that even if i am unable to discover some fundamental purpose to life , this will not give me a reason to return to christianity .
after his retirement as an athlete , edwards has worked as an athletics commentator and presenter for bbc television .
during his commentary for the 2008 summer olympics , edwards said that during the 1995 world championships , he felt as if `` he could jump as far as he needed to '' .
the pair raised â # 64,000 for charity with half of that sum going to the british olympic association and a quarter of the sum going to asthma uk .
it can also be used in a non-astronomical sense to describe when an object in the foreground occults -lrb- covers up -rrb- objects in the background .
on his first jump , he became the first man to legally pass the 18-metre barrier -lrb- 18.16 m\/59 feet 7 inches -rrb- .
later the same year edwards became the bbc sports personality of the year .
the daily mail described edwards as a `` man deeply troubled by the collapse of his christian faith '' . it also revealed that a friend said '' -lrb- edwards -rrb- has a deep , theological comprehension of the bible , making his spiritual meltdown even more unlikely ... they still go to church as a family '' the daily mail article also quoted edwards as saying that he is going through a difficult period in his life .
edwards now has a sports hall at west buckland named after him ; the jonathan edwards sports centre .
however in 1993 , after much thinking and discussion with his father -lrb- a vicar -rrb- , he changed his mind . he decided that god gave him his talent in order for him to compete in athletics .
during 1996 edwards went into the olympic games as favorite and world record holder . but it was american kenny harrison who took the gold with a jump of 18.09 m. edwards walked away with the silver after a leap of 17.88 m -lrb- the longest ever jump not to win gold -rrb- .
does it mean that personal existence ends at death ?
both of neely 's parents died of cancer and he set up the cam neely foundation and helps cancer patients live in accommodation at the `` neely house '' while undergoing cancer treatments .
he was a strong all-rounder and on leaving received the school 's top award for sporting and academic excellence , the fortescue medal .
edwards won the gold medal at the 2000 summer olympic games . he was awarded the cbe shortly afterwards .
following his retirement , edwards pursued a media career as a television presenter . he worked mainly for the bbc as a sports commentator and on programs such as songs of praise .
his second jump of 18.29 m made him the first to jump 60 feet .
cameron michael neely -lrb- born june 6 , 1965 in comox , british columbia , canada -rrb- is a retired professional canadian ice hockey right winger that played for the vancouver canucks for 3 seasons and the boston bruins for 10 seasons .
they are thoughts that do my head in .
the leap was wind assisted and did not count for record purposes . but it was a sign of things to come as he capped an unbeaten year .
in his breakthrough year of 1995 , he produced a jump of 18.43 m -lrb- 60 feet 5 â 1\/2 inches -rrb- at the european cup .
other students with edwards at west buckland school included victor ubogu and steve ojomoh . both are former bath and england rugby international players .
port said is also an important harbor both for exports of egyptian products like cotton and rice , but also a fuelling station for ships that pass through the suez canal .
port said has fishing and industries , like chemicals , processed food , and cigarettes .
neely joined the 50 goals in 50 games club when he scored 50 goals in 44 games in 1993 â `` 94 .
between the fall of the berlin wall in november 1989 and the election in march 1990 , the old social democratic party was re-established as a separate party , while the rest of the sed lost a lot of members and renamed itself the party of democratic socialism -lrb- pds -rrb- at a special party meeting in december 1989 .
he became famous in the early 2000s playing the part of `` dr. john dorian '' on the nbc series scrubs .
zachary braff -lrb- born april 6 , 1975 , south orange , new jersey -rrb- is an american television and movie actor , director , screenwriter and producer .
an ircd , meaning internet relay chat server program , is a program , server software that uses the irc protocol . this allows people to talk to each other on the internet .
mantenay-montlin is a commune .
the server accepts connections from irc clients on a group of tcp ports .
it is probable that dostoevsky used his friend vladimir solovyov 's character for alyosha . vladimir solovyov was a russian poet and philosopher who was very generous , even giving away his clothes to people in the street .
anna-theresa tymieniecka says that alyosha , like prince myshkin , the protagonist in another dostoevsky novel , the idiot , are almost jesus-like characters , who are , however , unable to stop the greatest suffering of those around them .
the new concorde agreement signed on 1 august 2009 continues the terms of the 1998 agreement . it will run until 31 december 2012 .
mã ral is a commune of 913 people -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . it is found in the region pays de la loire in the mayenne department in the northwest of france .
bbc online -lrb- which used to be called bbc .
the bbc has had a website for information about its tv and radio programs since 1994 , but did n't launch officially as bbc online until december 1997 , following government approval to fund it by tv licence fee .
it is currently the 4th most popular web service in the uk , and includes features such as bbc news , bbc sport , bbc weather , bbc iplayer and learning services such as bitesize .
bbc online -lrb- which used to be called bbc . co. uk -rrb- is the website for the bbc 's uk online services .
spruces are large trees , from 20 â `` 60 -lrb- â `` 95 -rrb- m tall when mature , and can be distinguished by their conical form and their needles , that are attached singly to the branches in a spiral fashion .
according to the south korean government , north korea launched the rocket around 11:30 a.m. -lrb- 0230gmt -rrb- sunday 5 april 2009 from the coastal musudan-ri launch pad in northeastern north korea .
when polar bears hunt , they often wait at holes in the ice , where the seals come up to breathe .
animal knuckles , such as pig knuckles are sometimes sold as food .
they live in flocks and often colonial seed-eaters with short , thick , but pointed bills .
most are sensitive to cold and require a warm , usually tropical , habitat , although a few have adapted to the cooler climates of southern australia .
mexico was not part of the war as the country was embroiled in the mexican revolution at the time .
andy richter -lrb- born october 28 , 1966 -rrb- is an american comedian and actor , best known for his former role as conan o'brien 's sidekick on late night with conan o'brien .
russell t davies , obe -lrb- born stephen russell davies , 27 april , 1963 -rrb- , is a critically acclaimed british television producer and writer born in wales .
the three candidates were dumbed down from 75 : the ice tigers , fury and attack .
they play in the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- .
the nashville predators are a professional ice hockey team based in nashville , tennessee .
ryosuke kijima -lrb- born 29 may 1979 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
noureddine naybet -lrb- born 10 february 1970 -rrb- is a former moroccan football player .
kazuo saito -lrb- born 27 july 1951 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
cotton county is a county located in the u.s. state of oklahoma .
this is the one that the record producer hopes will receive radio airplay and become a `` hit '' . the b-side , or flipside , is a secondary song that often does not appear on the artist 's lp .
a-side and b-side are words used in music . they used to mean the two different side of 7 inch vinyl records .
the orbital parameters suggest that it may belong , together with sycorax and setebos to the same dynamic cluster , suggesting common origin .
the moon appears gray in the visible light , similar to setebos but different from sycorax -lrb- which is light red -rrb- .
the lamborghini murciã lago is a sport car that was built by lamborghini from 2001 to 2010 . the murciã lago is named after a type of fighting bull .
rather than have the flag remade , the utah legislature changed the law to match the battleship flag , and the flag was showed off to the uss utah .
according to most description , the flag of the state of deseret was almost the same to the flag of the state of utah , but as it was not standardized , many other secular and religious alternatives were also used .
the state motto `` industry '' represents progress , hard work , and community as does the emblem of the beehive , which is also a traditional mormon symbol .
the more southern cultural groups of north america were responsible for the domestication of many common crops now used around the world , such as tomatoes and squash .
crossed union flags show utah 's support and commitment to the united states .
when the flag came , the group found out that the coat of arms on the flag was in full color instead of white , and the manufacturer had added a gold ring around the shield .
in 1912 , the sons and daughters of utah pioneers ordered a custom made copy of the newly adopted state flag to be showed off to the battleship uss utah , which was commissioned on august 31 , 1911 .
a bald eagle , the national bird of the united states represents the safety of america .
oleg pashinin -lrb- born 12 september 1974 -rrb- is a former uzbekistani football player .
mexico experienced an era of huge economic growth after world war ii , a heavy industrialization process and a growth of its middle class , a period known in mexican history as the `` el milagro mexicano '' -lrb- mexican miracle -rrb- .
the city is the county seat of greene county and was named after the revolutionary war battle of eutaw springs , south carolina .
an unconformity is a buried erosion surface separating two rock strata of different ages .
the local record for that time interval is missing and geologists must use other clues to discover that part of the geologic history of that area .
the caribbean saw the beginnings of decolonization , while on the largest island the cuban revolution introduced cold war rivalries into latin america .
however , they do not control the hive .
beekeeping or apiculture is the farming of honeybees .
willi koslowski -lrb- born 17 february , 1937 -rrb- is a former german football player .
marignieu is a commune .
it is operated by the research department of the league of american theatres and producers , a trade association for the north american commercial theater community .
melbourne has a long history of railway building . the city 's first railway opened in 1854 , when in 1834 the city itself did not exist .
the name and cultures that europeans recorded for the natives were not necessarily the same as the ones they had used a few generations before , or the ones in use today .
roy makaay -lrb- born 9 march 1975 -rrb- is a dutch football player . he is currently retired .
scuba diving is a popular activity in cienfuegos .
there are many underwater caves and over 50 places for diving .
cienfuegos is the smallest province in cuba . growing and processing sugar is very important to its economy .
there are many sugar mills and sugarcane plantations across the province .
wavves -lrb- pronounced `` waves '' -rrb- is an american noise pop band based out of san diego , california .
they formed in 2008 , and are currently signed to fat possum records .
masataka tamura -lrb- born 12 january 1988 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the caspian sea is the world 's largest lake and contains brackish water with a salinity about one-third that of normal seawater .
the most important brackish water habitats are estuaries , where a river meets the sea .
technically , brackish water contains between 0.5 and 30 grams of salt per litreâ '' more often expressed as 0.5 to 30 parts per thousand -lrb- ppt or â -rrb- .
the caspian is famous for its peculiar animal fauna , including one of the few non-marine seals -lrb- the caspian seal -rrb- and the great sturgeons , a major source of caviar .
certain human activities can produce brackish water , mostly certain civil engineering projects such as dikes and the flooding of coastal marshland to produce brackish water pools for freshwater prawn farms .
brackish water -lrb- less commonly brack water -rrb- is salt water and fresh water mixed together . it is saltier than fresh water , but not as salty as seawater .
brackish water -lrb- less commonly brack water -rrb- is salt water and fresh water mixed together .
it may result from mixing of seawater with fresh water , as in estuaries , or it may occur in brackish fossil aquifers .
thus , brackish covers a range of salinity regimes and is not considered a precisely defined condition .
it is characteristic of many brackish surface waters that their salinity can vary considerably over space and\/or time .
a veteran -lrb- from latin vetus , meaning `` old '' -rrb- is a person who has a long experience in something .
the legend of zelda : majora 's mask is an action-adventure video game made by nintendo for the nintendo 64 game console .
heterozygote advantage is the situation where , at a gene locus , the heterozygote has greater fitness than either homozygote .
by 1663 the french crown had taken over control of new france from the fur-trading companies , and the english charter colonies gave way to more metropolitan control .
ames is the home of the iowa state university .
a pie chart is a type of chart with the shape of a pie or circle .
the pie chart and the bar chart have the same data .
tony hawk 's pro skater 4 is a 2002 skateboarding game that was developed by neversoft , vicarious visions , babaroga and aspyr media and was published by activision . it is the fourth game in the tony hawk 's series it was released on october 23 , 2002 for the gamecube , playstation , playstation 2 and the xbox and october 28 , 2002 for the game boy advance and august 27 , 2003 for the pc in north america and november 15 , 2002 for the gamecube , playstation , playstation 2 , xbox and november 22 , 2002 for the game boy advance and august 27 , 2003 in the pal region .
brã gnier-cordon is a commune .
cameron giles -lrb- born november 15 , 1988 in harlem , new york -rrb- is an american rapper better known by his stage name , cam ` ron or killa cam .
he also mentioned his stop snitchin ' campaign in another 60 minutes interview when anderson cooper asked him `` if there was a serial killer living next to you , you would n't tell the police ? '' which he replied `` i would probably move '' .
draw poker games are mostly played with blinds and positional betting .
longchamp-sur-aujon is a commune of the aube dã partement in the north-central part of france .
rtl television or short rtl is a german television station .
it is belongs to the rtl group .
rtl television or short rtl is a german television station . it is belongs to the rtl group .
pavel vladimirovich bure -lrb- ; born on march 31 , 1971 in moscow , ussr -rrb- is a former professional ice hockey player .
he played in the national hockey league for twelve seasons with the vancouver canucks , florida panthers and new york rangers .
retired former-emperor fushimi administered the court up through the time he took the tonsure as a buddhist monk , which happened after this nengå ended .
this era lasted from october 1308 through april 1311 .
plessy v. ferguson -lrb- 1896 -rrb- was a united states supreme court case that ruled segregation was legal , as long as equal facilities were provided for both races .
mont-bernanchon is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in cryptography , the xsl attack is a method of cryptanalysis for block ciphers .
therefore , it does not affect the real-world security of block ciphers in the near future .
however , the attack has caused some experts to insert complexities in the algebraic simplicity of the current aes .
it has caused some argument as it was claimed it may break the advanced encryption standard -lrb- aes -rrb- cipherâ '' also known as rijndaelâ '' faster than a brute force attack .
in the xsl attack , a specialized algorithm , termed xsl -lrb- extended sparse linearization -rrb- , is then applied to solve these equations and compute the key .
the xsl attack relies on first analyzing the internal design of a cipher then deriving a system of quadratic simultaneous equations .
in addition , the method requires long effort , which unless shortened , means the technique does not reduce the effort to break aes in comparison to a brute force attack .
these systems of equations are typically very large , for example 8000 equations with 1600 variables for the 128-bit aes .
the attack was first published in 2002 by researchers nicolas courtois and josef pieprzyk .
the attack is well-known and famous for requiring only a handful of known plaintexts to perform ; previous methods of cryptanalysis , such as linear and differential cryptanalysis , often require unrealistically large numbers of known or chosen plaintexts , which make them impossible to realize .
horst hrubesch -lrb- born 17 april , 1951 -rrb- is a former german football player .
territory often changed hands multiple times .
ambergate is a village in derbyshire , england , where the river amber joins the river derwent .
in april 1971 , the dbtg published a report containing specifications of a data manipulation language -lrb- dml -rrb- and a data definition language -lrb- ddl -rrb- for standardization of network database model .
the data base task group -lrb- dbtg -rrb- was a working group founded in 1965 by the cobol committee , formerly programming language committee , of the conference of data systems language -lrb- codasyl -rrb- .
the specification was subsequently modified and developed in various committees and published by other reports in 1973 and 1978 .
fã lix miã li venerando -lrb- born 24 december , 1937 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
the pliocene -lrb- pleiocene in older texts -rrb- is a short epoch at the end of the neogene . it lasted from 5.3 million to 2.6 million years ago .
auribeau-sur-siagne is a commune .
upon the arrival of the europeans in the `` new world '' , native peoples found their culture changed drastically .
if a player 's move places the opponent 's king under attack , that king is in check , and the player in check is made to stop the attack .
castling is only allowed when the king nor the castling rook has moved already , when no squares between them are occupied , when the king is not in check , and when the king will not move across or end its movement on a square that puts the king in check .
if the king can not do this , it is in checkmate , and that side loses the game .
with a rook , the king may make a special move called ` castling ' .
with a rook , the king may make a special move called ` castling ' . this is when the king moves two squares toward one of its rooks and then the rook is placed on the other side of the king .
the coming of the american revolution had a great impact across the continent .
allvar gullstrand -lrb- june 5 , 1862 - july 28 , 1930 -rrb- was a swedish opthalmologist -lrb- eye doctor -rrb- .
the big mac was created by jim delligatti , one of ray kroc 's earliest franchisees , who was the owner of some restaurants in the pittsburgh , pennsylvania area .
customer response to the big mac was so good that it was begun to be made nationally in 1967 .
one of its well-known and unique features is a middle slice of bread -lrb- `` club '' layer -rrb- used to make sure the contents do not move about and to prevent spills .
he saw his first nhl action for the detroit red wings in the 1948 playoffs .
likewise , canada faced a division between french and english communities that led to the outbreak of civil strife in 1837 .
the next year he played for the indianapolis capitals of the ahl .
he began the 1949 season with indianapolis before being called up to the nhl full time .
he broke his elbow that season and decided to retire at its conclusion to concentrate on coaching full time .
lidio john fogolin , sr. -lrb- b. february 27 , 1926 in fort william , ontario - d. november 29 , 2000 -rrb- was a professional ice hockey player for the detroit red wings and chicago black hawks of the nhl .
as a child john hancock was quite wealthy and had a promising future . hancock died while serving his ninth term as governor of massachusetts .
john hancock -lrb- january 12 , 1737 -- october 8 , 1793 -rrb- was president of the second continental congress and of the congress of the confederation ; first governor of massachusetts ; and the first person to sign the united states declaration of independence .
the first successful english settlements were at jamestown -lrb- 1607 -rrb- -lrb- along with its satellite , bermuda in 1609 -rrb- and plymouth -lrb- 1620 -rrb- , in what are today virginia and massachusetts respectively .
inner suburban service do not serve the moorgate branch during late evenings and at weekends , being diverted to london kings cross instead .
the main entrances are by the eastern bus station on station place .
platform 1 is used by london moorgate services heading into london , platform 6 by moorgate services heading northbound .
the interchange consists of an interconnected national rail station , london underground station and two bus stations .
platforms 2 -lrb- southbound -rrb- and 3 -lrb- northbound -rrb- by kings cross services , usually fast but sometimes stopping .
this led mexico to declare war to the axis nations and entered the conflict .
trains from moorgate and king 's cross form inner suburban services to welwyn garden city and hertford north and outer suburban services start from kings cross towards peterborough and cambridge .
although thought of as a ` deep-level ' tube station , finsbury park has neither lifts nor escalators as its lines are less than 20 ' -lrb- 6.1 m -rrb- below street level , though there used to be lifts from the high-level platforms to the tube level .
there is another exit by the western bus station along wells terrace , incoroporating the underground ticket office , plus a narrow side entrance to the south on the a503 seven sisters road .
finsbury park station is a busy transport interchange in north london .
later , in 1572 , a pug named pompey saved the prince of orange by warning him when the spaniards came .
pugs can be a lot of different colors , including fawn , the color of an apricot , silver , or black .
hip dysplasia is another major problem for pugs . about 63.8 % of pugs were caught with hip dysplasia .
the lower teeth normally grow farther out than the upper teeth , so they meet in an under-bite .
other films that have pugs include 12 rounds , , marie antoinette -lrb- 2006 film -rrb- , and disney 's film about pocahontas .
they have also appeared on television , in shows like the the west wing .
they have often been described as multum in parvo , which means `` much in little '' , referring to the pug 's character and size .
the pug is a type of dog with a wrinkly face . it also has a curled tail , and pug puppies are called puglets .
the tail usually curls at the hip .
initially , european activity consisted mostly of trade and exploration .
a pug 's normal body temperature is between 101 â and 102 â .
nme is an inflammation of the brain and meninges . it is also known as pug dog encephalitis -lrb- pde -rrb- .
`` rose '' ears are smaller than the `` button '' ears and are folded up instead of on the side of the head .
all dogs usually die within a few months after this disease , which usually happens from 6 months to 7 years of age .
pugs have come out in television and film , such as frank the pug in the film men in black and the follow-up series .
the pug 's origin is unknown because the first emperor of china destroyed everything related to the pug in his reign .
a silver pug has a very dark head and dark forelegs .
there are two different types of a pug 's ears , `` rose '' and `` button '' .
their feet are not as large as a hare 's foot , but they are not as round as that of a cat , either . they have toes that are split up perfectly , and their nails are all black .
should the temperature reach 108 â , their insides begin to break down , possibly leading to serious health issues or even death .
she had many pet pugs , such as olga , pedro , minka , fatima , and venus .
pugs have strong , straight legs and laid back shoulders .
it can be helped by massaging the dog 's throat or covering its nose to make it breathe instead with its mouth .
a very rare pug is white . the fur color may be white due to albinism .
most software developers are still led by a lead programmer -lrb- a software engineer that guides the project -rrb- .
a software developer is a company or person that creates software - either completely , or with other companies or people .
the major exception to the convention that the number tracks the order they were or the order that they 're orbit was calculated is the case of pluto .
they are used for dwarf planets and small solar system bodies such as asteroids , but not comets .
they are given to a body once its orbit is secured , and are unrelated to provisional designations , which are given when an object is found .
dysprosium is a rare earth element that has a metallic , bright silver luster .
dysprosium is a chemical element with the symbol dy and atomic number 66 .
they have the same orbital period as neptune and orbit at the l4 lagrangian point about 60 degrees ahead of neptune .
for example , the maya civilization developed a writing system , built huge pyramids , had a complex calendar , and developed the concept of zero 500 years before anyone in the old world .
he studied art history and state studies in munich and berlin .
heuss became a member of the german democratic party -lrb- deutsche demokratische partei , ddp -rrb- and was a member of parliament for two periods .
between 1923 and 1926 he published the magazine die deutsche nation -lrb- `` the german nation '' -rrb- .
dr. theodor heuss -lrb- 31 january 1884 â `` 12 december 1963 -rrb- was a german politician . he was the first person elected to a regular term as president of the federal republic of germany .
parvicursor -lrb- meaning `` small runner '' -rrb- is a genus of tiny maniraptoran dinosaur with long slender legs for fast running .
at only about 39 cm -lrb- ~ 15 in -rrb- from snout to end of tail , and 162 grams -lrb- 5.7 ounces -rrb- in weight , it is one of the smallest non-avian dinosaurs known from an adult specimen .
liencourt is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
vasa was a big swedish warship .
topeka was established in 1854 when nine men founded the topeka town association .
most of them were built in the 1930s and are still in service in an unchanged condition .
in 1813 , josã marã a morelos and the congress of anã huac signed the solemn act of the declaration of independence of northern america , the first legal document where the separation of the new spain with respect to spain is proclaimed .
a rail accident investigation board report said that the derailmet was because of wear and tear on the track . they said another factor was the new type of running gear on the two-car prototype .
the tramway is owned by blackpool borough council and is run by blackpool transport as part of the metro coastlines network .
the tramway runs for 11 m , and over 6,500,000 people travel on it each year .
in 2004 campaigners behind the bid expressed disappointment that nothing had been done to take the plans forward in two years .
the trams from starr gate in the south to fleetwood in the north .
this was one of the first practical electric tramways built in the world . it opened six years after werner von siemens first showed electric traction .
in january 2007 the city class 611 prototype `` supertram '' was being tested on the tramway . it caught fire as it approached central pier .
at whitegate drive in marton a new depot was built .
the small bold street depot in fleetwood was closed and a new loop was built at fleetwood ferry .
sometime historic trams are borrowed from the national tramway museum in crich and other museums for public service .
it went along the promenade to clifton drive at starr gate . a connection was made there with the lytham st annes tracks .
the marton loop opened in 1901 . it connected talbot square and central station along church street , devonshire square , whitegate drive , waterloo road and central drive .
blackpool was the only town in the uk that kept its trams . between 1962 and 1992 blackpool was the only town with a tramway in the uk that was not a preserved system .
he was born on mount cyllene .
in november 2007 the whole tramway closed for the first time . it was closed for five months for the second part of an â # 11,800,000 upgrade .
today the tramway runs from starr gate in blackpool to the ferry terminus in fleetwood .
it was a conduit line . it ran from cocker street to dean street on the blackpool promenade .
the running of the buses and tramway was handed over to blackpool transport services limited in 1986 by blackpool borough council .
until the opening of the metrolink , fleetwood was the only town in england that kept trams running down the main street .
the first route closure took place in 1936 . they were the central drive and layton routes .
at busy periods such as the blackpool illuminations or on bank holidays services start or finish short at cleveleys , bispham or the pleasure beach .
the depot at blundell street was replaced by a bigger one on rigby road in 1920 .
but the wall street crash of 1929 combined with drought ushered in a period of economic hardship in the united states and canada .
boyelles is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
a candela sometimes has the name ` candle ' .
its alliance with nissan makes it the world 's fourth largest vehicle maker .
renault s.a. is a french vehicle manufacturer producing cars , vans , buses , tractors , and trucks , and , in the past , autorail vehicles .
its rocky beach and clear waters are ideal for snorkeling and scuba diving .
the village has neither running water nor electric power .
cilia -lrb- small hairs -rrb- and mucus along the inside wall of the nasal cavity trap and remove dust and germs from the air as it flows through the nasal cavity .
on the sides of the nasal cavity are three horizontal outgrowths called turbinates .
the nasal cavity is covered by the nasal bone above and by the maxilla and ethmoid bone on the sides . the top of the inside of the mouth separates the nasal cavity from the mouth .
diseases of the nasal cavity include viral infections and nasal cavity cancer .
the nasal cavity is divided in two by a vertical fin called the nasal septum .
the cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx , where it can be swallowed .
the vomeronasal organ is found at the back of the septum and has a role in finding pheromones .
rock band is a music video game developed by harmonix music systems , published by mtv games , and distributed by ea distribution .
the orbital speed at any position in the orbit can be computed from the distance to the central body at that position , and the specific orbital energy , which is independent of position : the kinetic energy is the total energy minus the potential energy .
the orbital speed of a body , usually a planet , a natural satellite , an artificial satellite , or a multiple star , is the speed at which it orbits around the barycenter of a system , usually around a more massive body .
it can be used to refer to either the mean orbital speed , the average speed as it completes an orbit , or instantaneous orbital speed , the speed at a particular point in its orbit .
farther to the south , plantation slavery became the main industry of the west indies , and this gave rise to the beginning of the atlantic slave trade .
pierluigi collina -lrb- born 13 february 1960 -rrb- is a former italian football referee .
while that 's going on in france , an albanian student takes bart 's place in the simpsons family , and shows great interest in homer 's work at the `` nuclear power plant '' .
in this episode , bart is sent to france on a student exchange trip , where his hosts treat him like a slave .
the episode was written by george meyer , sam simon , john swartzwelder and jon vitti , and was directed by wes archer and milton gray .
toru miyamoto -lrb- born 3 december 1982 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
it is made of sodium and bromide ions .
the united states was then able to play a crucial role at the paris peace conference of 1919 that shaped interwar europe .
sodium bromide is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is nabr .
it can be used to make dense fluids for drilling oil wells .
the colbert report is a television talk show starring stephen colbert . stephen colbert acts as if he is very republican , though in reality he is very liberal .
the colbert report is a television talk show starring stephen colbert .
edin mujä in -lrb- born 14 january 1970 -rrb- is a bosnia and herzegovina football player .
wayne simmonds -lrb- born august 26 , 1988 in scarborough , ontario -rrb- is an nhl ice hockey right winger that currently plays for the los angeles kings .
43 ariadne is a fairly big and bright main belt asteroid .
it is a retrograde rotator , although its pole points almost parallel to the ecliptic towards ecliptic coordinates -lrb- î , î '' -rrb- = -lrb- -15 â , 235 â -rrb- with a 10 â uncertainty -lrb- 2 -rrb- .
ariadne is very stretched -lrb- almost twice as long as its smallest dimension -rrb- .
needham market is a town near the a14 road in suffolk , england .
burg fã 1\/4 rsteneck is a castle , situated in the middle of germany between the towns of fulda and bad hersfeld .
since 1952 burg fã 1\/4 rsteneck became an academy for vocational and cultural education .
rutter studied music at clare college , cambridge .
us expansion was complicated by the division between `` free '' and `` slave '' states , which led to the missouri compromise 1820 .
the castle lies at an altitude of 406 meters on a small plateau .
lisa buys so many olympic mascot pins that she does n't have anymore money left so she trades her pearl necklace for a mascot pin from the 1924 winter olympics .
bart offers to help lisa with defeating her pin collecting addiction and manages to get back her necklace by tricking the pin vendor with `` fatov , '' who is a phony mascot that was `` created '' in advance for the 2014 winter olympics but the mascot is really homer 's mouth , clipped by bart from his driver 's license .
meanwhile , lisa is given a olympic mascot pin and she decides to collect them but her pin collecting addiction goes out of control .
marge injures her shoulder in the semi-finals and she is told that she wil never sweep again and that the american mixed curling team must concede the gold medal to sweden .
when the egg is mature , the neck opens and sperm swims in to fertilize the egg .
the archegonium has a long ` neck ' with the egg cell inside .
in the ensuing conscription crisis of 1917 , riots broke out on the streets of montreal .
the cell closest to the opening of the embryo sac becomes the egg cell .
both animals and land plants -lrb- embryophytes -rrb- produce ova .
an ovum -lrb- latin : `` egg '' , plural : ova -rrb- is the name for the haploid female reproductive cell , or gamete .
the ovum is fertilized inside the female body , and the embryo then develops inside the uterus , being fed by the mothers placenta .
in flowering plants , the female gametes are made of only eight cells , called the embryo sac , inside the ovule .
in many plants , ova are made inside archegonia through meiosis .
one-third of all human deaths are from poverty-related causes : 18 million annually , including 12 million children under five .
at the other end of the spectrum , the 15 percent of people in the developed countries have 80 percent of global income .
there was limited contact between north american peoples and the outside world before 1492 .
the badge 's clear blue border bears the motto in action faithful and in honour clear -lrb- alexander pope 's description -lrb- in iambic pentameter -rrb- in his epistle to mr addison of james craggs , later used on craggs ' monument in westminster abbey -rrb- in gold letters , and the oval is surmounted by an imperial crown .
it was founded by king george v in june 1917 , as a reward for outstanding achievements in the arts , literature , music , science , politics , industry or religion .
mexico faced constant political tensions between liberals and conservatives , as well as the rebellion of the english-speaking region of tejas , which declared itself the republic of texas 1836 .
the insignia of the order consists of an oval medallion with an oak tree , a shield with the royal arms hanging from one branch , and on the left a mounted knight in armor .
men wear the badge on a ribbon -lrb- red with golden border threads -rrb- around their necks , and women on a bow at the left shoulder .
in canada this was mirrored by the quiet revolution and the emergence of quebec nationalism .
sir william jones said , `` the sanskrit language , whatever be its antiquity , is of a wonderful structure ; more perfect than the greek , more copious than the latin , and more exquisitely refined than either , yet bearing to both of them a stronger affinity , both in the roots of verbs and in the forms of grammar , than could possibly have been produced by accident ; so strong , indeed , that no philologer could examine them all three , without believing them to have sprung from some common source , which , perhaps , no longer exists . ''
jã 1\/4 rgen seeberger -lrb- born 25 march 1965 in konstanz -rrb- is a german football manager currently managing v.f.b. stuttgart ii .
the national petroleum reserveâ `` alaska and the prudhoe bay oil field are the two biggest areas where oil is found . the arctic national wildlife refuge is there also , and there has been a lot of debate about drilling for oil there .
rivalry between the european powers created a series of wars on the north american landmass that would have great impact on the development of the colonies .
on top of this permafrost , water flows to in shallow braided streams . some of it goes into ponds .
because it gets so cold that far north only the very top of soil , called `` tundra '' thaws each season ; most of the soil is frozen all the time .
he died on january 5 , 2007 of heart failure in osaka prefecture at the age of 96 .
called chikin ramen , after the original flavor , it was originally considered a luxury food item as it cost around six times that of traditional non-instant udon and soba noodles .
ando was born to taiwanese parents in kagi -lrb- currently chiayi -rrb- , taiwan and grew up an orphan in tainan city .
the momofuku ando instant ramen museum is named after ando .
in 1964 , looking for a way to promote the instant noodle industry , ando founded the instant food industry association which set guidelines for fair competition and product quality , introducing several industry standards such as the inclusion of production dates on packaging .
ando began sales of the cup noodles on september 18 , 1971 .
canada bore the brunt of several major battles during the early stages of the war including the use of poison gas attacks at ypres .
on august 25 , 1958 , at the age of 48 , and after months of trial and error experimentation , ando announced that he had finally perfected his flash-frying method and therefore invented the instant noodle .
in some countries , such as germany , law requires attention to the comprehensive outcome of the whole extraction , production , distribution , use and waste of a product , and holds those profiting from these legally responsible for any outcome along the way .
this is quite common for instance among homeless people in u.s. cities .
it is considered a pre-requisite to a strict service economy interpretation of -lrb- fictional , national , legal -rrb- `` commodity '' and `` product '' relationships .
also , since the same fee can be collected by anyone finding and returning the bottle , it is common for people to collect these and return them as a means of surviving .
when purchasing paint or tires in many places , one simultaneously pays for the disposal of the toxic waste they become .
the fur trade soon became the primary business on the continent and as a result transformed the native americans lifestyle .
it is in south london . the borough is the farthest south of greater london , with the m25 circle motorway touching it at the bottom .
the london borough of croydon is a london borough .
if the government said yes it would have been the third council in greater london to hold that status , the others being the city of london and the city of westminster .
the clocktower is the tower of the town hall . new buildings were built alongside the town hall and were opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1994 .
there are two shopping centres in croydon which are named centrale and the witgift centre .
wå adyså aw staniså aw reymont , born as staniså aw wå adyså aw rejment -lrb- may 7 , 1867 - december 5 , 1925 -rrb- , was a well-known polish writer , who won the nobel prize in 1924 for his four-volume epic novel `` chå opi '' -lrb- the peasants -rrb- .
cold deserts are covered with snow or ice .
there are hot deserts and cold deserts .
cold deserts can be found close to the poles . that is why they are also called polar deserts .
according to variety , american pie : band camp sold a million copies in one week , despite retaining only two actors from the original trilogy .
some spongebob squarepants dvd volumes contain episodes not yet aired in the united states .
the budgets for movies distributed by these companies are even smaller than those of ones distributed by a larger studio , but these companies are still able to profit off their sales .
television spin-offs are animated or live action television series or made for tv movies which contain either characters or theme elements from an older series or movie -lrb- clerks : the animated series , bill and ted 's excellent adventures -rrb- .
such movies can cost as much as $ 20 million -lrb- about a third of the average cost of a hollywood release -rrb- and feature actors like jean-claude van damme and steven seagal .
direct-to-video releases can be done for movies which can not be shown theatrically due to controversial content , or because the cost involved in a theatrical release is beyond the releasing company .
the new term used is dvdp -lrb- `` dvd premiere '' -rrb- .
the mayan culture was still present when the spanish arrived in central america , but political dominance in the area had shifted to the aztec empire farther north .
dtv releases are subject to fewer content restrictions and less creative dictate than other formats .
this delay often occurs when a studio doubts a movie 's commercial prospects would justify a full cinema release , or because its `` release window '' has closed .
often a production studio will develop a tv show or movie which is not generally released for several possible reasons : poor quality , lack of support from a tv network , controversial nature , or a simple lack of general public interest .
the walt disney company began making sequels of most of its animated movies for video release beginning with the return of jafar -lrb- the sequel to aladdin -rrb- in 1994 .
in the case of anime , this is called original video animation -lrb- ova or oav -rrb- , and their production values usually fall between those of television series and movies .
clerks : the animated series and firefly are examples of canceled shows which were successful cult hits on dvd .
as the dvd format supplants the videocassette , companies have increasingly released movies in dvd format rather than vhs , causing the term `` direct-to-dvd '' to replace `` direct-to-video '' in some instances .
sometimes ovas garner enough interest to justify commissioning a full television series , like tenchi muyo !
originally canceled in 2004 , the series was revived in 2005 due partly to its excellent dvd sales .
a release window refers to a timely trend or personality , and missing that window of opportunity means a movie , possibly rushed into production , failed to release before the trend faded .
despite having lower budgets than features intended for theater release , japanese direct-to-video productions are rarely marred by the poor storyline and lower quality production often associated with the dtv market in the us .
the term is also at times used as an insulting term for sequels of movies that are not expected to have financial success .
once in a while , a studio that makes a movie that was prepared as a direct-to-video film and release it theatrically at the last minute due to the success of another movie with a similar subject matter or an ultimate studio decision .
jacques cartier made a series of voyages on behalf of the french crown in 1534 and penetrated the st. lawrence river .
so-called v-cinema has more respect from the public , and affection from film directors for the greater creative freedoms the medium allows .
in 2005 , fox released stewie griffin : the untold story for dvd and universal media disc .
, one piece , and el hazard .
a movie that is released direct-to-video -lrb- also known as made-for-video , straight-to-video , more recently , straight-to-dvd -rrb- is one which has been released to the public on home video formats -lrb- historically vhs -rrb- before or without being released in movie theaters or broadcast on television .
in film industry slang such movies are referred to as having been `` vaulted . ''
in recent years , dvd premieres have become a substantial source of revenue for movie studios .
direct-to-video releases have historically carried a stigma of lower technical or artistic quality than theatrical releases .
occasionally outstanding dvd sales may revive a canceled show , as in the case of family guy .
for instance , the dvd release of a tv series might include a bonus episode that was never broadcast as a sales hook .
studios realized that dvdp movies can be shot on a smaller budget , thus allowing studios larger profits with the combined revenues of home video sales and rentals , in addition to licensing movies for television and for distribution abroad -lrb- where some dvdp movies do see theatrical releases -rrb- .
studios , limited in the annual number of movies they grant cinematic releases to , may choose to pull the completed movie from the theaters , or never exhibit it in theaters at all .
in japan , the direct-to-video movement carries different connotations , being a niche product rather than a fallback medium .
the majority of ovas released in today 's market are usually continuations or reworkings of recently completed tv series .
however , skippers have the antennae clubs hooked backward like a crochet . the other butterflies have club-like tips to their antennae and hedylids have feathered or pectinate antennae which give them an even more `` moth '' - like appearance than skippers .
for example , some species in the genera erynnis , hesperia , and amblyscirtes can not currently be distinguished in the field by experts , the only reliable method of telling them apart involving dissection and examination of the genitalia .
skippers also have generally stockier bodies than the other two groups , with stronger wing muscles .
hesperioidea is very likely the sister group of papilionoidea , and together with hedyloidea constitute a natural group or clade .
dirk nowitzki -lrb- born june 19 , 1978 in wã 1\/4 rzburg , germany -rrb- is a german basketball player . he plays for the dallas mavericks in the united states ' national basketball association 's -lrb- nba -rrb- .
it is on the west anglia main line , and train services are provided by national express east anglia .
the destruction of europe wrought by the war vaulted all north american countries to more important roles in world affairs .
he has sold 100 million copies of his books .
trouville-sur-mer is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
timiå oara is a city in the banat area .
the pass became important during the soviet invasion of afghanistan because the soviets could not stop the flow of arms and men back and forth across the pass .
valeins is a commune .
since the insolvency of fc tirol in 2002 the stadium is used by fc wacker innsbruck , the follower of the old club .
the tivoli-neu is a football stadium in innsbruck , austria .
jan peter balkenende -lrb- born 7 may 1956 in capelle aan den ijssel -rrb- is a dutch politician .
kazuyoshi matsunaga -lrb- born 13 november 1977 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
henry v of england -lrb- 16 september 1387-31 august 31 1422 -rrb- was the king of england from 1413 to 1422 .
henry v was the son of henry bolingbroke , later henry iv , and mary de bohun , who died before bolingbroke became king .
the temple of artemis was located near the ancient city of ephesus , about 50 km south from the modern port city of ä zmir , in turkey .
tripod is a word generally used to refer to a three-legged object , generally one used as a platform of some sort , and comes from the greek tripous , meaning `` three feet '' .
spain also has two cities on the north coast of africa : ceuta and melilla .
a businessperson -lrb- also businessman or businesswoman -rrb- is someone who works at a job that focuses on making money . generally , it is someone who works in the management -lrb- at any level -rrb- of a company .
wolfgang overath -lrb- born 29 september , 1943 -rrb- is a former german football player .
sofia wistam -lrb- may 15 1966 -rrb- is a swedish television host and radio talk-show host .
jason bonham -lrb- born july 15 , 1966 -rrb- is an english rock drummer who is noted for being the son of led zeppelin drummer john bonham , as well for his own music .
the flight of the united empire loyalists led to the creation of english canada as a separate community .
he has a close relationship with former led zeppelin guitarist jimmy page , and they have toured together in the 80 's when page released his solo album , outrider . in 2010 , bonham will be working with his new band , black country .
bayenghem-l ã s - ã perlecques is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
bobby bolt -lrb- born april 29 , 1987 in thunder bay , ontario -rrb- is a professional ice hockey player who was drafted 127th by the anaheim ducks in the 2005 nhl entry draft .
the genre was pioneered in the mid 1980s by rappers such as afroman and ice cube , and was popularized in the later part of the 1980s by groups like n.w.a. .
gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop that reflects the violent lifestyles of some inner-city youths .
after the national attention that ice-t and n.w.a created in the late 1980s and early 1990s , gangsta rap became the most commercially lucrative subgenre of hip hop .
it is about a one hour drive from cologne , just south of bonn , the former capital of west germany .
most importantly it directly led to the creation of the united states of america .
several thousand prisoners are estimated to have died in the various camps , including 1,212 who are now buried in the bad bodendorf cemetery .
the camps were used by the allies to house captured germans , often under very poor conditions .
it opened in 1980 and tells the story of the bridge and the prison camp , `` golden mile . ''
the remains of st apollinaris were put ashore , and the ship was then able to sail onward .
remagen has many historic buildings , churches , castles and monuments .
further down the river is one of the many castles along the river rhine , perched even higher than the apollinariskirche .
the young poet guillaume apollinaire even fell in love there .
these remains were buried in a chapel which had been part of the roman fort , which became the basis for a church which bore his name , and was rebuilt several times over the years .
local legend says that a ship carrying various relics from milan to cologne was stopped in the river in 1164 , unable to move despite the strong current , until it mysteriously edged in toward the shore .
three cycles show the life of jesus , the life of mary , and the history of saint apollinaris , legendary bishop of ravenna .
walkers reach the church via a dirt track that passes a series of roadside monuments . one for each of the fourteen stations of the cross .
the international red cross was not permitted to investigate conditions in the camps .
the 19th century railway station was transformed into a cultural venue for all the arts .
the historic railway station at rolandseck now houses a museum devoted to the work of hans arp .
in the crypt is a silver bust of the saint , which is raised from the sarcophagus every year at the pilgrimage time at the end of july .
there are several frenula in the body , including several in the mouth , some in the digestive tract , and some connected to the external genitalia .
built during the safavids period , it is an excellent example of the islamic architecture of iran . many people see it as the masterpiece of persian architecture .
its construction began in 1611 . its splendor is mainly due to the beauty of its seven-color mosaic tiles and calligraphic inscriptions .
the mosque is one of the treasures featured on around the world in 80 treasures presented by the architecture historian dan cruickshank .
it is important to note that peoples with similar languages did not always share the same material culture , nor were they always allies .
it is on the south side of naghsh-i jahan square . it has been renamed to imam mosque after the islamic revolution .
the feathertail glider -lrb- acrobates pygmaeus -rrb- , also known as the pygmy gliding possum , pygmy glider , pygmy phalanger and flying mouse , is the world 's smallest gliding mammal , and is named for its long feather-shaped tail .
like other gliding mammals , the feathertail glider has a skin membrane between the fore and hind legs ; thicker than that of the other marsupials like the sugar glider , but smaller in proportion , extending only between the elbows and knees .
according to kojiki ankan was the elder son of emperor keitai .
the construction of state granaries in large numbers throughout japan was a demonstration of the broad reach of imperial power and concerns .
ankan attained the imperial throne when his father , emperor keitai , abdicated in his favor .
lime ridge is a village of sauk county in the state of wisconsin in the united states .
antonio de la cruz -lrb- born 7 may 1947 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .
a simple machine is a device that can change the direction or the magnitude of a force , or the point where it is applied . this is done so that the force can be used to do work .
theodor eike -lrb- october 17 , 1892 in hampont â `` february 26 , 1943 -rrb- was an obergruppenfã 1\/4 hrer of the ss and general of the waffen-ss .
leptospirosis is a relatively rare bacterial infection in humans .
leptospirosis -lrb- also known as weil 's disease , canicola fever , canefield fever , nanukayami fever or seven day fever -rrb- is a bacterial disease . it is caused by spirochaetes of the genus leptospira .
the pathogen , leptospira-genus bacteria was isolated in 1907 from a post mortem kidney slice .
the infection is commonly transmitted to humans by allowing fresh water that has been contaminated by animal urine -lrb- often from rats -rrb- to come in contact with unhealed breaks in the skin , eyes or with the mucous membranes .
it was first described by adolf weil in 1886 . at the time he reported an `` acute infectious disease with enlargement of spleen , jaundice and nephritis '' .
the winning poems are archived in the library of vorarlberg .
among the sponsors , there are the austrian government , the local administration of vorarlberg and private banks .
the winners are presented to the public during fall .
poets from all countries may send in their poems .
he was added to the world golf hall of fame in 2006 .
he has won the masters in 2000 and the pga championship in 1998 and 2004 and was the leading pga tour money winner in 2003 , 2004 and 2008 .
they played grieg 's violin sonata no. 1 together , which liszt liked very much . .
on a second visit , in april , grieg brought with him the manuscript of his piano concerto which liszt played by sight .
the early cold war era saw the united states as the most powerful nation in a western coalition of which mexico and canada were also a part .
he is best known for his piano concerto in a minor and for his incidental music to henrik ibsen 's play peer gynt which includes movements called aubade and in the hall of the mountain king . he was usually at his best when writing shorter pieces , such as the collection of piano pieces called lyric pieces .
in 1876 , ibsen asked grieg to write some incidental music for the first performance of the play he had written about the norwegian hero peer gynt , .
following his wish , his own funeral march for rikard nordraak was played , as well as the funeral march by frederic chopin .
edvard grieg died in the autumn of 1907 , aged 64 , after a long illness .
in the summer of 1858 grieg met the great norwegian violinist ole bull , who was a friend of the family , and whose brother was married to grieg 's aunt .
liszt gave him some advice about the orchestration .
he also met the norwegian composer rikard nordraak who had composed the norwegian national anthem .
grieg was often inspired by norwegian folk music .
liszt had made it possible for grieg to get a travel grant .
edvard grieg -lrb- born 15 june 1843 bergen , norway ; died 4 september 1907 -rrb- was a norwegian composer and pianist who composed in the romantic period .
his chamber music includes 3 violin sonatas and a cello sonata as well as a piano sonata and many shorter piano pieces .
on 11 june 1867 , grieg married his first cousin nina .
f.b. brindisi 1912 is a football club which plays in italy .
these countries on a map together have a shape that is similar to a crescent , so archaeologist james henry breasted spoke of the `` fertile crescent '' because he wanted to show the similarities of the cultures of this region in ancient times .
perhaps most importantly they domesticated one of the world 's major staples , maize -lrb- corn -rrb- .
rhenock has about 130 years ' long history of education .
in spite of above all every one respects others belief and faith and celebrates others ' festivals which makes a peaceful and prosperous society .
lepcha tribes who were early settlers have their own unique culture .
two mexican tankers , transporting oil to the united states , were attacked and sunk by the germans in the gulf of mexico waters , in 1942 .
a sanskrit pathshala -lrb- school -rrb- was run in the premises of rhenock temple to teach sanskrit and rituals to train hindu priest .
originally followers of shamanism religion , later became the followers of buddhism .
bhutias are another group tribes who are the followers of buddhism also have their own identity & culture .
they lived in several culture areas , which roughly correspond to geographic and biological zones of north america and give a good indication of the main occupation of the people who lived there -lrb- e.g. the bison hunters of the great plains , or the farmers of mesoamerica -rrb- .
most of them are the hindus by religion .
habarcq is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
teruaki kurobe -lrb- born 6 march 1978 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
jon dahl tomasson -lrb- born 29 august 1976 -rrb- is a danish football player . he plays for feyenoord rotterdam and denmark national team .
moussa belonged to a group of intellectuals who wanted to simplify arabic and its grammar . they wanted egyptian arabic to officially become the modern egyptian language .
he was born in zagazig . his family was coptic christian .
salama moussa became seriously ill and died on 4 august 1958 .
sabine bergmann-pohl -lrb- born 20 april 1946 -rrb- is a german conservative politician who served as the last head of state of east germany from 5 april to 2 october 1990 .
tin -lrb- iv -rrb- fluoride is made by reacting tin and fluorine .
tin -lrb- iv -rrb- fluoride , also known as stannic fluoride , is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is snf4 .
samuel kuffour -lrb- born 3 september 1976 -rrb- is a former ghanaian football player .
this template uses css classes in mediawiki : common .
for more technical details see the talk page and the `` see also '' links below .
the following examples use different type parameters but use no image parameters thus they use the default images for each type .
this meta-template uses the ambox css classes in mediawiki : common .
that means it gets a blue side bar .
style an optional css value used by the entire article message box table .
the png images here have hand optimised transparent background color so they look good in all browsers .
and now a pipe and end braces -rcb- -rcb- .
note that svg icons only look somewhat bad in the old browsers , thus such hand optimisation is only worth the trouble for very widely used icons .
the main reason is that some older web browsers have trouble with the transparent background that mediawiki renders for svg images .
css for most of its looks , thus it is fully skinnable .
textstyle an optional css value used by the text cell .
the default images for this meta-template are in png format instead of svg format .
for instance it makes it harder to use parser functions and special characters in parameters .
his ability to produce a constantly homogenous fragrance consisting of dozens of monoessences was seen as a sensation at the time .
wekg -lrb- 810 am -rrb- is a radio station that plays country music .
licensed to jackson , kentucky , usa . the station is currently owned by intermountain broadcasting co. , inc. and features programing from abc radio .
kim dae-eui -lrb- born 30 may 1974 -rrb- is a south korean football player .
hypophosphorous acid , also known as phosphinic acid , is a chemical compound .
it was hijacked by four men as part of the september 11 , 2001 attacks .
the subsequent investigation determined that the actions of those on board had prevented the hijackers from reaching their intended target .
in some schools of buddhism there are twenty-one tä rä s. a practice text with the title in praise of the 21 tä rä s is recited during the morning in all four sects of tibetan buddhism .
the passengers then decided to mount an assault on the hijackers and wrest control of the aircraft .
they assumed control of the aircraft and diverted it toward washington , d.c. several passengers and crew members made calls aboard the flight and learned about the attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon .
quiã ry-la-motte is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in 1913 , walter joined the brandon wheat kings of the manitoba hockey league .
mummery did not play pro hockey until 1919 â `` 20 , when he joined edmonton of the big 4 league for one season .
before mummery played a game , the wanderers arena burned down .
walter mummery -lrb- born september 10 , 1893 , date of death unknown -rrb- was a professional ice hockey player .
nowadays , it 's used as a term for scented formulations with a concentration of about 2-5 % essential oils .
the next season , 1914 â `` 15 , walter joined the quebec bulldogs of the national hockey association -lrb- nha -rrb- , where he played until the end of the 1916 â `` 17 nha season .
his brother harry also played professional hockey .
by then , quebec was operating in the nhl and his rights were assigned to quebec but he did not return .
the following year , the quebec club did not operate in the new national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- and mummery was assigned to the montreal canadiens .
they play in winnipeg , manitoba , canada , at the mts centre .
the manitoba moose are a professional ice hockey team in the american hockey league .
the manchester monarchs are a american professional ice hockey team that began playing in 2001 .
the sc paderborn 07 is a football club which plays in germany .
his shop at obenmarspforten opened in 1709 and is today the world 's oldest fragrance factory .
maksim mrvica -lrb- born 1975 -rrb- is a croatian pianist .
sony would later join forces with bmg to form `` sony bmg . ''
the hop exchange is a grade ii listed building at no. 24 southwark street , london se1 . it is in the bankside area of the london borough of southwark .
julie christie -lrb- born april 14 , 1941 -rrb- is a british theater , motion picture and television actress .
she has won the academy , golden globe , bafta and screen actors guild award .
s.h.e is a taiwanese girl group with three people : selina ren , hebe tien , and ella chen .
monoclonius was named by edward drinker cope in 1876 , soon after the first fossil specimen -lrb- a near complete skeleton including skull material and the pbase of the nasal horn , with only the feet missing -rrb- had been founded in montana .
eau de cologne , or just `` cologne '' , has now become a generic term .
sound waves are not electromagnetic waves but waves of pressure in air , water or any other substance .
he is the 2007 german national silver medalist .
tischendorf is coached by olympic silver medalist romy oesterreich .
it can react with water to make zinc hydroxide .
zinc oxide can be made by heating powdered zinc metal . it can also be made by heating zinc hydroxide .
zinc oxide is a chemical compound .
it can also be made by heating zinc hydroxide .
zinc carbonate makes zinc oxide when heated .
other colognes , such as the famous cologne 4711 , named after its location at `` glockengasse no. 4711 '' , have the name in common but smell different .
it can be made by boiling zinc metal in air . zinc carbonate makes zinc oxide when heated .
zinc oxide can be made by heating powdered zinc metal .
charlie waitt -lrb- born october 14 , 1853 in hallowell , maine -- october 21 , 1912 -rrb- was a professional baseball player .
becker 's best friend , jake also works at the diner selling newspapers and miscellaneous items such as candy , magazines , cigarettes , gum , etc. .
in 1806 , jean marie joseph farina , a grand-grand-nephew of giovanni maria farina -lrb- 1685-1766 -rrb- , opened a perfumery business at paris that developed into roger & gallet , that owns the rights to eau de cologne extra vielle in contrast to the original eau de cologne from cologne .
jake is blind following a car accident several years before .
the estonian language is similar to finnish . estonian is one of the national languages of europe that is not an indo-european language .
a common interpretation is that the council came together because there was disagreement within the early christian community between those who believed the church must observe the rules of traditional judaism , and paul of tarsus , who believed there was no such necessity .
fos-sur-mer is a commune of 15,700 people -lrb- 2005 -rrb- . it is found in the region provence-alpes-c ã te d'azur in the bouches-du-rh ã ne department in the south of france .
the reason that taifas developed was that there was an administrative division of the umayyad caliphate of cã rdoba and also an ethnic division of the elite of this state . it was divided among arabs -lrb- they werde a powerful but tiny minority -rrb- , berbers , eastern european former slaves and iberian muslims -lrb- known as muladã es -lrb- those were the great majority -rrb- .
the most dynamic taifa , which conquered most of its neighbors before the almoravid invasion , was seville .
after the end of the caliphate the rival muslim kingdoms were much weaker than the christian ones , and had to submit to them and to pay tribute .
a taifa -lrb- from á ä ` ifa , plural ø ù ø ø ù á awä ` if -rrb- was an independent muslim-ruled principality .
the taifa princes appealed for north african warriors to help them fighting christian kings on two occasions .
there was a second period when taifas developed . that was about the middle of the 12th century , when the almoravid rulers were in decline .
in the 11th century and again in the mid 12th century , the emirs -lrb- rulers -rrb- of thr taifas competed very much among themselves , not only militarily but also for cultural prestige .
the almoravids were invited after the fall of toledo -lrb- 1085 -rrb- , and the almohads after the fall of lisbon -lrb- 1147 -rrb- .
a passenger is a term that is used for a person who travels in a vehicle , but not the driver or a person working in the vehicle .
the kam dwarf hamster -lrb- cricetulus kamensis -rrb- is a species of rodent in the cricetidae family .
a good example is found here at : template : septa color :
the style template allows the modification , at a system level , of display parameters for inter-related templates , including : template : infobox station .
eau de cologne is a spirit-citrus perfume launched in cologne in 1709 by giovanni maria farina -lrb- 1685-1766 -rrb- , an italian perfumer from santa maria maggiore valle vigezzo , italy .
this also forces the use of hex codes ; no nouns are permitted -lrb- e.g. red , white -rrb- .
you can see that s-line takes only parameters -- no linking necessary !
before discussing them , however , let 's review the parameters :
: template : s-rail is used to generate headings for each grouping of rail services in a box .
for rail lines that operate in only one direction -lrb- such as going around a loop -rrb- , the oneway1 or oneway2 parameters are used , to indicate that the previous or next station , respectively , does not have service going towards it .
template : s-rail-start is a variant of the generic template used to begin thousands of succession boxes .
the template receives two parameters from s-line , and , although use of the latter is not often necessary .
in 1708 , farina wrote to his brother jean baptiste : `` i have found a fragrance that reminds me of an italian spring morning , of mountain daffodils and orange blossoms after the rain '' -lrb- eckstein p. 8 -rrb- .
when these parameters are present with any non-null value , the toward -lrb- terminal -rrb- line is replaced with one-way operation .
the rows parameters specify how many lines the station should cover , while the hide parameters ensure that the table formatting remains intact .
this template carries a translation table for the formatting\/linking of the line .
the two parameters must be used together , with hide specified for every line that is being covered by the first line .
it can also contain oils of lavender , rosemary , thyme , petitgrain -lrb- orange leaf -rrb- , and jasmine .
note that color is spelled the american way in the template ; the creator apologizes in advance and it 's probably not worth the hassle to change it at this stage .
here we have only one , but some particularly large terminals may have three or four -lrb- see union station -lrb- chicago -rrb- or 30th street station -rrb- .
in order to make this work properly , you have to define the concept of `` new york or boston south '' in the station template , like so :
in a base of dilute ethanol -lrb- 70-90 % -rrb- , eau de cologne contains a mixture of citrus oils including oils of lemon , orange , tangerine , bergamot , lime , grapefruit and neroli .
s-rail uses the translation table at : template : s-rail\/lines ; if the entry is undefined , it simply links the text .
it runs end-to-end from chicago , illinois to pontiac , michigan .
therefore , amtrak produces amtrak , while lul gives london underground .
this snippet is taken from city hall -lrb- septa station -rrb- .
the pound sign is included within s-line so it is n't necessary .
for lines that operate on the same tracks and serve the same next station and final terminal , the rows1 , rows2 , hide1 , and hide2 optional parameters can be used to have the previous -lrb- the 1s -rrb- or next -lrb- the 2s -rrb- station boxes cover more then one line .
with systems that have unusual or non-uniform naming , like amtrak , it may be necessary to have a test case for every line .
when passed to the left and right termini templates , the and parameters identify destinations .
when a system has uniform naming , you may be able to get away with a default case and only one or two exceptions , as in : template : lul lines :
if a change is made which alters\/adds parameters names that template must be updated to reflect the new situation .
note that , in the above cta example , the previous and oneway1 parameters could have been omitted from the purple and pink line entries , but were left in for consistency 's sake .
brias is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
craps is a game that uses dice .
ryå `` ji bando -lrb- born 2 august 1979 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
the western hemisphere is the half to the west . the other half is called the eastern hemisphere .
at first , it was assumed that these were built over water , since they were raised on stilts .
from the 1920s to the 1950s , the social democratic majority held power in the city , and it was known as red arbon .
the population grew from 660 in 1844 to over 10,000 at the turn of the century .
in 1712 , thurgau declared equality for the various faiths .
tensions between ethnic groups led to riots with several fatalities in 1902 .
in 720 , a fortification on the site of the present castle was built by a frankish troop .
the adoption of the swiss constitution ended arbon 's dependence on the bishops of constance .
starting in 1888 , his factory built all kinds of machinery and motors .
today , the factory produces only textile machinery .
until 1983 , the factory produced trucks and buses , and until 1986 military vehicles .
in 1798 , thurgau was occupied by french troops , along with much of the rest of switzerland .
during roman times , bergli was probably a roman fort .
brasã lia international airport is a major airline hub for the rest of the country , connecting the capital to all major brazilian cities and many international destinations .
she is called the `` mother of liberation '' . she stands for success in work and achievements .
the city was planned and developed in 1956 with lã cio costa as the principal urban planner and oscar niemeyer as the principal architect .
the latin name of arbon , arbor felix -lrb- meaning happy tree -rrb- , first appears in the itinerarium antonini in 300 .
religious conflict continued until the 18th century .
it is the third most important airport of brazil , in terms of passengers and aircraft movements .
the castle of arbon in its present form was built in 1515 by bishop hugo von hohenlandenberg .
they were surprised at the recovery of a nearly complete skeleton of a hominin -lrb- the name of the tribe -lrb- like a biological familly -rrb- to which humans also belong -rrb- . they called it lb1 because it was unearthed inside the liang bua cave .
gerd van den bergh , a paleontologist working with the fossils , reported hearing of the ebu gogo ten years before the fossil discovery .
local geology suggests that a volcanic eruption on flores approximately 12,000 years ago was responsible for the end of h. floresiensis and animals that lived on the island . the elephant stegodon also became extinct at this time .
on the nearby island of sumatra , there are reports of a 1-1 .5 m tall humanoid , the orang pendek which might be related to h. floresiensis .
the specimens are not fossilized and have been described as having `` the consistency of wet blotting paper '' ; once exposed , the bones had to be left to dry before they could be dug up .
the remains were discovered on the indonesian island of flores by an australian-indonesian team of archaeologists in 2003 . archaeologist mike morwood and colleagues were looking for evidence of the original human migration of h. sapiens from asia to australia .
a study of three bits of bones from the hand -lrb- or carpal bones -rrb- showed that they were similar to the carpal bones of a chimpanzee or an early hominin such as australopithecus .
researchers hope to find preserved mitochondrial dna to compare with samples from similarly unfossilised specimens of homo neanderthalensis and h. sapiens .
a study of the bones and joints of the arm , shoulder , and legs also concluded that h. floresiensis was more similar to early humans and apes than modern humans .
other members of this tribe are human -lrb- the only living member of the genus homo -rrb- , bonobo -lrb- genus pan -rrb- , and chimpanzee -lrb- genus pan -rrb- ; their ancestors ; and the extinct line of their common ancestor .
gregory forth hypothesized that h. floresiensis may have survived longer in other parts of flores to become the source of the ebu gogo stories told among the local people .
an arm bone which they think belongs to h. floresiensis is about 74,000 years old .
a study of three bits of bones from the hand -lrb- or carpal bones -rrb- showed that they were similar to the carpal bones of a chimpanzee or an early hominin such as australopithecus . they were also different from the bones of modern humans .
because of this , the discoverers of h. floresiensis think that the species , or its ancestors , must have reached the isolated island by water transport around 100,000 years ago -lrb- or , if they are h. erectus , then about 1 million years ago -rrb- .
in 2009 , the publication of a cladistic analysis and a study comparing body sizes gave further support for the theory that h. floresiensis and homo sapiens are separate species .
other animals that lived on the island at that time were giant rats , komodo dragons , and even larger species of lizards .
because of a deep neighboring strait , flores remained isolated during the wisconsin glaciation -lrb- the most recent glacial period -rrb- .
two studies of the bones published in 2007 both reported evidence to support species status for h. floresiensis .
the united service organizations inc. -lrb- uso -rrb- offers recreational support for members of the u.s. military . the uso provides programs in 140 centers worldwide funded by private and public donations and support from the united states department of defense .
liã vin is a commune .
liã vin is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
it is usually celebrated on 26 december , the day after christmas day ; .
it is usually celebrated on 26 december , the day after christmas day ; . in some countries the public holiday is moved to the next weekday if 26 december is a saturday or sunday .
chaveyriat is a commune .
at the end of the 2010 season , fauzy left lotus racing . he joined renault as a test driver for the 2011 season .
fauzy returned to full-time racing in 2011 .
fauzy returned to gp2 in 2008 , driving for the super nova team in the gp2 asia series .
-lrb- key -rrb- -lrb- races in bold indicate pole position -rrb- -lrb- races in italics indicate fastest lap -rrb-
he has re-signed for super nova racing to drive in the 2011 gp2 series season and 2011 gp2 asia series season .
fauzy started competing in karting in 1994 . in 1999 , he moved to british formula ford .
akira konno -lrb- born 12 september 1974 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
fauzy was one of spyker f1 's test and reserve drivers for , he was announced as the third driver for lotus for the 2010 season .
in the latter sense , the intention is often to insult or accuse someone in such a way that the words as used , taken literally , seem to be innocent in the direct meaning -lrb- but have a negative unspoken meaning -rrb- .
also , many radio shows are known for use of innuendo , including : the gallo radio show , most of the songs played on southern crossroads , sometimes the rick & bubba show , the steve and dc morning show , especially the jt & dave show , air bubba and the bob & tom show .
shows such as the fairlyodd parents , spongebob squarepants , the penguins of madagascar , rocko 's modern life , cow & chicken , ren & stimpy and especially animaniacs and looney tunes have been known to do this over the years .
the term sexual innuendo has a specific meaning , namely that of a `` risque '' double entendre -lrb- a double meaning -rrb- by playing on a possibly sexual meaning of an otherwise innocent statement .
the town was made on april 15 , 2003 , when the municipalities of neuendorf bei wilster , sachsenbande , and bredensee were all joined together .
his family were engravers and die-cutters . he received some artistic training from his father , august friedrich stieler -lrb- 1736-1789 -rrb- .
between february and april 1820 , he worked on his portrait of beethoven , which is probably the most well-known representation of the composer today .
kim geun-cheol -lrb- born 24 june 1983 -rrb- is a south korean football player . he plays for busan i ` park .
diving is often done from a springboard or an elevated platform .
people started talking about the working class after industrialization in the early 19th century . karl marx wrote about the working class .
working class contrasts with middle class and upper class .
buissy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
in the early 1980s , nasa planned space station freedom as a counterpart to the soviet salyut and mir space stations .
in vietnamese , chopsticks are called '' ä ` å a , '' also from ç .
they can be made of wood , gold , silver , ivory , bamboo , or plastic .
the 6 different types of dives .
chopsticks are sticks used in pairs as eating utensils . chopsticks are the traditional eating utensils of some countries including china , japan , korea , taiwan , and vietnam .
it found that people who use chopsticks regularly have a slightly higher risk of getting arthritis in the hand . with this , cartilage gets worn off , which causes pain in the joints of the hand .
chopsticks are the traditional eating utensils of some countries including china , japan , korea , taiwan , and vietnam .
this gradually spread until it became the word for `` chopsticks '' in most varieties of modern chinese . the character for this new meaning of `` chopsticks '' -lrb- ç -rrb- for kuã i has the semantic element of bamboo added to the character meaning `` fast '' kuã i -lrb- å `` -rrb- .
jeo can not be used alone .
it is a word made of different parts ; it has the phonetic part of '' å `` '' , which means quick , and a semantic part , ç `` , meaning bamboo .
tä rä or ä rya tä rä , also known as jetsun dolma in tibetan , is a female buddha linked with buddhist tantra practice in tibetan buddhism .
diving is also a sport .
in korean , ç -lrb- jeo -rrb- is used in the compound jeotgarak -lrb- ì `` ê ë 1\/2 -rrb- which is composed of jeo -lrb- chopsticks -rrb- and garak -lrb- stick -rrb- .
in 1935 the bearcats were the runner-up in the allan cup , which earned him a trip to represent canada at the 1936 winter olympics ice hockey event where he won the silver medal .
in 1987 he was inducted into the northwestern ontario sports hall of fame as a member of that olympic team .
nash was a member of the 1936 port arthur bearcats , which won the silver medal for canada in ice hockey at the 1936 winter olympics .
w. arthur `` jakie '' nash -lrb- 5 september 5 , 1914 in thunder bay , ontario - january 2000 in thunder bay , ontario -rrb- was a canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1936 winter olympics as a member of the canadian ice hockey team , which won the silver medal .
nash was a goaltender for port arthur bearcats , a hockey team based in port arthur , ontario .
the class 12 locomotives were built at the br ashford works over the period 1949 â `` 1952 . they were numbered 15211 â `` 15236 and became class 12 .
the british rail class 12 is a diesel locomotive built mainly for shunting duties .
otogizå shi are a group of short stories with pictures , written in japan , mostly in the period between 1392 and 1573 . there are about 350 of these stories .
bar hill is a village that can be found about 4 miles -lrb- 7 km -rrb- northwest of cambridge , england .
caraway or persian cumin -lrb- carum carvi -rrb- -lrb- ar .
silla was founded by king park hyeokgeose in 57 bc , around gyeongju in the southeast part of the korea peninsula .
in 1969 , the princely states of chitral , dir and swat were incorporated into west pakistan as the new division of malakand with saidu as its capital .
compared with the rounded romanesque style , the pointed arch of the early english gothic looks more elegant and , more importantly , is better at distributing the weight of the stonework above it . this makes it possible to span higher and wider gaps using narrower columns .
lancet arches are a sign of the style .
in areas of southern england using flint architecture , elaborate decoration in flint was used , especially in the wool churches of east anglia .
cornell university is a university in ithaca , new york .
the clearest sign of the early english period was the pointed arch known as the lancet .
the various styles are seen at their best in the cathedrals , abbey churches and college buildings .
at york minster there are , in the north transept , a cluster of five lancet windows known as the five sisters , each fifty feet high and still have their ancient glass .
this evolution of decorated tracery is often used to subdivide the period into an earlier `` geometric '' and later `` curvilinear '' period .
some of the earliest examples of the perpendicular period , dating from 1360 , are found at gloucester cathedral , where the masons of the cathedral would seem to have been far in advance of those in other towns ; the fan-vaulting in the cloisters is particularly fine .
by using the pointed arch , walls could become less massive and window openings could be larger and grouped more closely together . this gave a more open , airy and graceful building .
this is particularly obvious in the design of windows , which became very large , sometimes of immense size , with slimmer stone mullions than in earlier periods . this allowed more scope for stained glass craftsmen .
some of the finest features of this period are the magnificent timber roofs ; hammerbeam roofs , such as those of westminster hall -lrb- 1395 -rrb- , and christ church hall , oxford , appeared for the first time .
potlatch is a city of idaho in the united states .
saudi arabia national football team is the national football team of saudi arabia .
people now use the more powerful darkbasic professional .
for his work on the dawes plan for world war i reparations he was a co-recipient of the nobel peace prize .
the group 's objective is to `` restrict the development of stansted airport within tight limits that are truly sustainable and , in this way , to protect the quality of life of its supporters over wide areas of essex , hertfordshire and suffolk , to preserve local heritage and to protect the natural environment . ''
stop stansted expansion -lrb- sse -rrb- is a pressure group established in 2002 . it was originally a working group of the north west essex and east herts preservation association , in response to the government 's consultation on expanding uk airports and , particularly , expansion plans for stansted airport defined in 2001 .
metallica -lrb- also known informally as the black album -rrb- is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band metallica .
the most commonly used symbol for the rupee is rs , used on receipts when purchasing goods and services .
as standard in indian english , large values of rupees are counted in terms of thousands , lakh -lrb- 100 thousand , in digits 1,00,000 -rrb- and crore -lrb- 10 million , in digits 1,00,00,000 -rrb- .
the rupee -lrb- sign : â ; code : pkr -rrb- is the currency of pakistan .
`` lolcat '' is a mix of the words lol and cat .
lol is internet slang for `` laughing out loud . ''
a different word for lolcat is cat macro because it is a type of image macro .
the zubs can be shot and stunned .
there are seven difficulty levels , each one increases the number of enemy zubs per planet .
zub works for the emperor zub of the zub galactic empire and must find the green eye of zub .
zub is a computer game made for use on the commodore 64 and zx spectrum computers which was released in 1986 by mastertronic . the code was written by john and ste pickford on the zx spectrum and phillip brian allsopp on the commodore 64 , and the music was composed by david whittaker .
zub has been permitted to use the ancient intergalactic elevators which take him to other planets .
the green eye of zub was located on the tenth planet and once the eye is found , zub has to return to the first planet to give the eye of zub to emperor zub .
they will float to the top of the sky where the recover and return to attack zub again .
the elevators can only be reached by jumping and riding on platforms to reach the top of the sky .
this category contains albums by the canadian pop punk band simple plan .
montcet is a commune .
the team is sponsored by iran 's national petroleum industry and is part of the sports club sanat naft athletic club .
sanat naft football club is an iranian football club based in abadan , iran .
produces a flag icon attached to a wikilinked national football team article .
he has acted in several television series in a career of more than fifty years , including his roles as bret maverick in the popular 1950s western-comedy series , maverick and jim rockford in the popular 1970s detective drama , the rockford files .
the last person to be executed in the gas chamber in the united states was walter lagrand in arizona in 1999 .
the people or animals are put into the gas chamber , the door is sealed airtight from the outside , and a gas , such as carbon monoxide or hydrogen cyanide , is put into the chamber .
anne was married to charles viii of france on december 6 , 1491 .
a bã 1\/4 chner flask -lrb- also called a vacuum flask , a filter flask , a side-arm flask or a kitasato flask -rrb- is a flask made of glass .
water is poured into the bã 1\/4 chner funnel and the liquid passes through filter paper and is sucked up by a vacuum attached to the side of the bã 1\/4 chner flask , while the solid stays behind in the bã 1\/4 chner funnel .
the bã 1\/4 chner flask can also be used as a vacuum trap in a vacuum line to ensure that no fluids are carried over from the aspirator or vacuum pump -lrb- or other vacuum source -rrb- to the evacuated apparatus , or vice versa .
a bã 1\/4 chner flask can be used with a bã 1\/4 chner funnel for separating solids and liquids .
a bã 1\/4 chner flask has thick walls so that a pressure change will not break it .
it has a hole in the top where a bã 1\/4 chner funnel can be put and a small tube in the side where a vacuum can be attached .
andrã candanã am pinto -lrb- born 14 december 1978 -rrb- is a brazilian football player . he plays for paã os ferreira .
her husband then married catherine willoughby .
u.s. sassuolo calcio is a football club which plays in italy .
hurricane beulah tracked through the caribbean sea , struck the yucatã n peninsula of mexico as a major hurricane , and moved west-northwest into the gulf of mexico , briefly gaining category 5 status .
due to its slow movement over texas , beulah led to significant flooding , and caused over $ 1 billion -lrb- 2005 usd -rrb- in damages .
it was the strongest hurricane during the 1967 atlantic hurricane season .
the cyclone then weakened before moving into texas as a major hurricane .
karsal is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of chakwal district in the punjab province of pakistan , it is part of chakwal tehsil and is located at 33 â 2 ' 30n 72 â 35 ' 7e .
iris was a category 4 hurricane when it struck belize , but damage was rather low .
the name iris was retired anyway . in 2007 the name ingrid was used instead .
hurricane iris was the third major hurricane of the 2001 atlantic hurricane season .
; evaluate expression , add leading zero to non-negative result -lrb- 10 .
colgate university is a private university in hamilton , new york .
bã 1\/4 ren is a municipality in the district dorneck in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
in tibetan buddhist history there have been many different versions of lamrim , presented by different teachers of the nyingma , kagyu and gelug schools .
however , all versions of the lamrim are elaborations of atiå a 's 11th century root text a lamp for the path to enlightenment .
then the lord told samuel that he would destroy eli 's family because of eli 's sinful sons .
he thought it was eli , but eli told him that god was talking to him .
tomi shimomura -lrb- born 18 december 1980 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for montedio yamagata .
the input , , to the device is heat , or the heat-content of a fuel that is consumed .
for example , a typical gasoline automobile engine operates at around 25 % thermal efficiency , and a large coal-fueled electrical generating plant peaks at about 36 % .
when transforming thermal energy into mechanical energy , the thermal efficiency of a heat engine is the percentage of energy that is transformed into work .
shigemaru takenokoshi -lrb- born 15 february 1906 - died 6 october 1980 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
because the input heat normally has a real financial cost , a memorable , generic definition of thermal efficiency is
the desired output is mechanical work , , or heat , , or possibly both .
when comparing heating units , such as a 100 % efficient electric resistance heater to an 80 % efficient natural gas-fueled furnace , an economic analysis is needed to determine the most cost-effective choice .
in medieval europe , dialectics -lrb- or logic -rrb- was one of the three beginning liberal arts all together known as the trivium , with the other members being rhetorics and grammar -rrb- .
he married , then later divorced , lithuanian im\/wgm viktorija ä milytä -- from 2001 to 2008 .
on the basis of his rating , he was invited to play a ten game match against vladimir kramnik to select a challenger for world champion garry kasparov .
in 1994 shirov married , and later divorced , verã nica alvarez , moved to tarragona , and became a citizen of spain .
alexei shirov -lrb- born 4 july 1972 in riga , latvia -rrb- is a chess grandmaster .
the future of shields have varied from multiple ideas and fiction , usually force fields and energy shields .
when kasparov played kramnik for the world title in 2000 , shirov maintained that the match was invalid and he was the rightful challenger .
in may 2009 , alexei shirov achieved the greatest triumph of his career by placing 1st in the high category 21 m-tel masters 2009 tournament , a double round tournament held in sofia , bulgaria .
shirov is noted for his attacking style and for seeking complications , a tendency which has led to comparisons with fellow latvian and former world champion , mikhail tal , under whom he studied in his youth .
by this success he was given entry to the grand slam chess final 2009 in bilbao where he met levon aronian , sergey karjakin -lrb- winner of corus 2009 -rrb- , and alexander grischuk -lrb- winner of linares 2009 -rrb- .
aunay-sur-odon is a commune . it is found in the region basse-normandie in the calvados department in the northwest of france .
they constitute the main french-speaking population of canada .
french canadian -lrb- canadien or canadien franã ais in french -rrb- refers to a nation or ethnic group that originated in canada during the period of french colonization in the 17th century .
the university of priå tina is at present the name of two disjoint public universities located in kosovo , sharing the same history up to a point of separation , which took place in 1999 .
in may 2004 , he underwent an oesophagus operation to cure the constant stomach ache which he suffered since he was a young man .
it was commonly used as a replacement for the heavy kite shields .
in 1967 merckx married claudine acou .
this accident cracked a vertebra and twisted his pelvis .
wambst and merckx crashed . wambst was killed instantly , and merckx suffered concussion and fell unconscious .
in the 1990s , he became a friend of lance armstrong and supported him when he was accused of drug use , stating he `` believed what lance told him than what appeared in newspapers '' .
merckx 's mother asked the priest to celebrate the ceremony in french , a choice that ended up being a contentious issue in belgium .
afterwards he said his riding was never the same , because he always be in pain , especially while climbing .
during the next 15 years , various racers improved the record to more than 56 km .
shields were used even after gunpowder weapons .
in 2000 he was chosen belgian `` sports figure of the century '' .
when chris boardman had another go at merckx 's reinstated record in 2000 , he beat it by slightly more than 10 metres at sea level . but , merckx had raced a full road season winning the tour , giro and four classics , while boardman was a time trial specialist who had retired from road racing and had prepared specially for the 2000 hour record .
in the end , merckx won by the very narrow margin of twelve seconds over gianbattista baronchelli and 33 seconds over felice gimondi .
hermes is the son of zeus and maia .
carlos alberto torres -lrb- born 17 july 1944 -rrb- is a former brazilian football player .
over the next 25 years , only bernard hinault and miguel indurain were able to equal the five victories .
having retired , merckx has a bicycle factory and is a race commentator .
the blackest day in merckx 's career was in 1969 , when he crashed in a derny race towards the end of the season .
schwarzenegger married maria shriver in 1986 ; they separated in 2011 .
the equation of `` organic '' with living organisms comes from the now-abandoned idea of vitalism that attributed a special force to life that alone could create organic substances .
bismuth compounds are chemical compounds that have bismuth ions in them .
the sentence makes perfect sense without the indirect object .
this was inconclusive -lrb- neither side won -rrb- , and was followed by a series of small ship actions -lrb- the battle of the espero convoy , battle of cape spada -rrb- during the autumn .
following the battle of crete in the summer of 1941 , the royal navy got the better of things in the central mediterranean in a series of successful convoy attacks , -lrb- such as the duisburg convoy and the battle of cape bon -rrb- until the events around the first battle of sirte and the raid on alexandria in december swung the balance of power in the axis favor .
for the most part , the campaign was fought between the forces of the italian royal navy -lrb- regia marina -rrb- , supported by other axis naval forces , and the forces of the british royal navy , supported by other allied naval forces .
in sept 1943 with the italian collapse and the surrender of italian fleet , naval actions in mediterranean became restricted to actions against u-boats and by small craft in the adriatic and aegean seas .
in november , the rn mounted an aerial attack on the italian fleet in taranto harbor , crippling 3 capital ships and changing the balance of power in the mediterranean .
the first clash between the rival fleets , the battle of calabria , took place on 9 july 1940 , just four weeks after the start of hostilities .
the second was to keep open its own supply lines , the axis to their own armies in north africa and the allies to supply the island of malta .
a series of hard fought convoy battles -lrb- second battle of sirte in march , operations harpoon and vigorous in june , and operation pedestal in august -rrb- were victories for the axis but ensured malta 's survival , until the allies regained the advantage in november 1942 .
in addition , whereas allied commanders at sea had discretion on how to act , italian commanders were closely and precisely governed by italian naval headquarters -lrb- supermarina -rrb- .
in particular , allied forces struggled to supply and retain the key naval and air base of malta .
index on censorship is a campaigning publishing organization for freedom of expression , which produces an award-winning quarterly magazine of the same name from london .
in practice , however , the definition means that high-precision realizations of the second should compensate for the effects of the ambient temperature -lrb- black-body radiation -rrb- within which atomic clocks operate and extrapolate accordingly to the value of the second as defined above .
the earth 's motion was described in newcomb 's tables of the sun , which provides a formula for the motion of the sun at the epoch 1900 based on astronomical observations made between 1750 and 1892 .
the revised definition would seem to imply that the ideal atomic clock would contain a single caesium atom at rest emitting a single frequency .
under the international system of units , the second is currently defined as the duration of 9,192,631,770 periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium-133 atom .
this idea was first questioned after the abiotic synthesis of urea by friedrich wã hler in 1828 .
si prefixes are frequently combined with the word second to denote subdivisions of the second , e.g. , the millisecond -lrb- one thousandth of a second -rrb- and nanosecond -lrb- one billionth of a second -rrb- .
the second -lrb- si symbol : s -rrb- , sometimes abbreviated sec . , is the name of a unit of time , and is the international system of units -lrb- si -rrb- base unit of time .
the ground state is defined at zero magnetic field .
following several years of work , louis essen from the national physical laboratory -lrb- teddington , england -rrb- and william markowitz from the united states naval observatory -lrb- usno -rrb- determined the relationship between the hyperfine transition frequency of the caesium atom and the ephemeris second .
this definition refers to a caesium atom at rest at a temperature of 0 k -lrb- absolute zero -rrb- .
there is not one definition of organic matter only .
clifford lee burton -lrb- february 10 , 1962 - september 27 , 1986 -rrb- was an american bassist and songwriter , best known by being the bassist of thrash metal band metallica from 1982 until his death in 1986 .
a targum -lrb- hebrew : ' , plural : targumim -rrb- is an aramaic translation of the hebrew bible -lrb- tanakh -rrb- that was written or compiled in palestine or in babylonia from the second temple period until the early middle ages -lrb- late first millennium -rrb- .
these rise to the soil surface and can produce foliage and flowers .
in contrast , rhizomes most often have short internodes with leaf-scars and thin paper-like leaves and root along the under side of the stem .
a stolon is a plant propagation strategy .
stolon is a term used often in botany .
organic matter -lrb- or organic material -rrb- is matter that has come from a recently living organism .
taylor alison swift -lrb- born december 13 , 1989 -rrb- is an american country pop singer-songwriter .
argenteuil is the second most populated town in the suburbs of paris -lrb- after boulogne-billancourt -rrb- and the most populated commune in the val-d ` oise department ; however it is not the prefecture .
argenteuil is a sub-prefecture of the val-d ` oise department .
andrã s d'alessandro -lrb- born 15 april 1981 -rrb- is an argentine football player . he plays for internacional .
it is capable of decay , or the product of decay ; or is composed of organic compounds .
the first europeans arrived in indonesia in 1512 , when portuguese traders , led by francisco serrã # o , sought to monopolize the sources of nutmeg , cloves , and cubeb pepper in maluku .
more and more indonesian areas gradually adopted islam . by the end of the 16th century it was the dominant religion in java and sumatra .
but it mixed with existing cultural and religious influences .
the history of indonesia or more precisely of the indonesian archipelago in south east asia with 17,508 islands goes back to homo erectus -lrb- popularly known as the `` java man '' -rrb- . there have been found fossilized remains of about one million years ago .
park ji-sung -lrb- born 25 february , 1981 -rrb- is a south korean football player . he plays for manchester united and korea republic national team .
in villages and small towns in many parts of england , ireland , and scotland , pubs are the center of community life . some pubs hire bands or singers to entertain patrons .
as a result , the studio was littered with unfinished story ideas .
in order to keep the movie division alive during this difficult time , the studio released four package films including this one , made up of various unrelated segments set to music .
the movie is made of ten parts , or segments .
the movie was entered into the 1946 cannes film festival .
jpg thumb -lrb- 800x392 -rrb- px right early 2000s impala -rrb- -rrb- the chevrolet impala is a full size car made from the chevrolet network of general motors . the name impala comes from the southern african antelope .
jpg thumb -lrb- 800x392 -rrb- px right early 2000s impala -rrb- -rrb- the chevrolet impala is a full size car made from the chevrolet network of general motors .
the slovaks or slovakians are a western slavic people that primarily inhabit slovakia and speak the slovak language , which is closely related to the czech language .
the coupe de la ligue is a french football competition . it is organized by the ligue de football professionnel .
body of proof is an upcoming american abc medical drama television series starring dana delany and jeri ryan .
amadeus is a movie made in 1984 directed by milos forman .
bing is a cultivar -lrb- farmed type -rrb- of the wild or sweet cherry -lrb- prunus avium -rrb- that started in the pacific northwest , in milwaukie , oregon , united states .
bing cherries are used almost exclusively for fresh market .
bing cherries are high in anti-oxidants .
a study by the united states department of agriculture has shown that fresh bing cherries may help sufferers of arthritis and gout .
the bing remains a major cultivar in oregon , washington , and british columbia .
a wet climate is required for the harvest of the bing cherry .
some say ah bing developed the cultivar , others that it was developed by lewelling and named in bing 's honor due to his long service as orchard foreman .
it is the most produced variety of sweet cherry in the united states .
ah bing was reportedly born in china and immigrated to the u.s. in about 1855 .
due to the restrictions of the chinese exclusion act of 1882 he never returned to the united states .
oatmeal can also be steel-cut oats , crushed oats , or rolled oats .
however , the u.s. food and drug administration warns that these are yet unproven claims .
the cultivar was created as a crossbred graft from the republican cherry in 1875 by oregon horticulturist seth lewelling and his manchurian chinese foreman ah bing , for whom the cultivar is named .
the pulmonary artery is a blood vessel that connects the heart to the lungs . the pulmonary artery carries blood that does not have much oxygen .
estrã e-cauchy is a commune . it is found in the region nord-pas-de-calais in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .
this license applies to any manual or other work , in any medium , that contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it can be distributed under the terms of this license .
when the document is included in an aggregate , this license does not apply to the other works in the aggregate which are not themselves derivative works of the document .
today we use the shopping cart .
opaque formats include proprietary formats that can be read and edited only by proprietary word processors , sgml or xml for which the dtd and\/or processing tools are not generally available , and the machine-generated html , postscript or pdf produced by some word processors for output purposes only .
examples of suitable formats for transparent copies include plain ascii without markup , texinfo input format , latex input format , sgml or xml using a publicly available dtd , and standard-conforming simple html , postscript or pdf designed for human modification .
if you publish printed copies -lrb- or copies in media that commonly have printed covers -rrb- of the document , numbering more than 100 , and the document 's license notice requires cover texts , you must enclose the copies in covers that carry , clearly and legibly , all these cover texts : front-cover texts on the front cover , and back-cover texts on the back cover .
examples of transparent image formats include png , xcf and jpg .
such a notice grants a world-wide , royalty-free license , unlimited in duration , to use that work under the conditions stated herein .
in the combination , you must combine any sections entitled `` history '' in the various original documents , forming one section entitled `` history '' ; likewise combine any sections entitled `` acknowledgements '' , and any sections entitled `` dedications '' .
the `` title page '' means , for a printed book , the title page itself , plus such following pages as are needed to hold , legibly , the material this license requires to appear in the title page .
shopping carts first made their appearance in oklahoma city in 1937 .
such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version , but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns .
you accept the license if you copy , modify or distribute the work in a way requiring permission under copyright law .
a copy that is not `` transparent '' is called `` opaque '' .
if there are multiple invariant sections with the same name but different contents , make the title of each such section unique by adding at the end of it , in parentheses , the name of the original author or publisher of that section if known , or else a unique number .
the name windows nt 6.0 -lrb- formerly known as windows longhorn -rrb- can be one of the two versions of microsoft windows :
a `` transparent '' copy of the document means a machine-readable copy , represented in a format whose specification is available to the general public , that is suitable for revising the document straightforwardly with generic text editors or -lrb- for images composed of pixels -rrb- generic paint programs or -lrb- for drawings -rrb- some widely available drawing editor , and that is suitable for input to text formatters or for automatic translation to a variety of formats suitable for input to text formatters .
a compilation of the document or its derivatives with other separate and independent documents or works , in or on a volume of a storage or distribution medium , is called an `` aggregate '' if the copyright resulting from the compilation is not used to limit the legal rights of the compilation 's users beyond what the individual works permit .
however , you may accept compensation in exchange for copies .
any other attempt to copy , modify , sublicense or distribute the document is void , and will automatically terminate your rights under this license .
the `` document '' , below , refers to any such manual or work .
for works in formats which do not have any title page as such , `` title page '' means the text near the most prominent appearance of the work 's title , preceding the beginning of the body of the text .
if you publish or distribute opaque copies of the document numbering more than 100 , you must either include a machine-readable transparent copy along with each opaque copy , or state in or with each opaque copy a computer-network location from which the general network-using public has access to download using public-standard network protocols a complete transparent copy of the document , free of added material .
in case of a disagreement between the translation and the original version of this license or a notice or disclaimer , the original version will prevail .
you may combine the document with other documents released under this license , under the terms defined in section 4 above for modified versions , provided that you include in the combination all of the invariant sections of all of the original documents , unmodified , and list them all as invariant sections of your combined work in its license notice , and that you preserve all their warranty disclaimers .
if a section in the document is entitled `` acknowledgements '' , `` dedications '' , or `` history '' , the requirement -lrb- section 4 -rrb- to preserve its title -lrb- section 1 -rrb- will typically require changing the actual title .
if you use the latter option , you must take reasonably prudent steps , when you begin distribution of opaque copies in quantity , to ensure that this transparent copy will remain thus accessible at the stated location until at least one year after the last time you distribute an opaque copy -lrb- directly or through your agents or retailers -rrb- of that edition to the public .
you may add a section entitled `` endorsements '' , provided it contains nothing but endorsements of your modified version by various parties -- for example , statements of peer review or that the text has been approved by an organization as the authoritative definition of a standard .
the combined work need only contain one copy of this license , and multiple identical invariant sections may be replaced with a single copy .
we have designed this license in order to use it for manuals for free software , because free software needs free documentation : a free program should come with manuals providing the same freedoms that the software does .
-lrb- here xyz stands for a specific section name mentioned below , such as `` acknowledgements '' , `` dedications '' , `` endorsements '' , or `` history '' . -rrb-
you may not use technical measures to obstruct or control the reading or further copying of the copies you make or distribute .
a `` modified version '' of the document means any work containing the document or a portion of it , either copied verbatim , or with modifications and\/or translated into another language .
you may include a translation of this license , and all the license notices in the document , and any warranty disclaimers , provided that you also include the original english version of this license and the original versions of those notices and disclaimers .
a copy made in an otherwise transparent file format whose markup , or absence of markup , has been arranged to thwart or discourage subsequent modification by readers is not transparent .
translation is considered a kind of modification , so you may distribute translations of the document under the terms of section 4 .
you may make a collection consisting of the document and other documents released under this license , and replace the individual copies of this license in the various documents with a single copy that is included in the collection , provided that you follow the rules of this license for verbatim copying of each of the documents in all other respects .
you may add a passage of up to five words as a front-cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back-cover text , to the end of the list of cover texts in the modified version .
this license is a kind of `` copyleft '' , which means that derivative works of the document must themselves be free in the same sense .
make the same adjustment to the section titles in the list of invariant sections in the license notice of the combined work .
secondarily , this license preserves for the author and publisher a way to get credit for their work , while not being considered responsible for modifications made by others .
you may extract a single document from such a collection , and distribute it individually under this license , provided you insert a copy of this license into the extracted document , and follow this license in all other respects regarding verbatim copying of that document .
the purpose of this license is to make a manual , textbook , or other functional and useful document `` free '' in the sense of freedom : to assure everyone the effective freedom to copy and redistribute it , with or without modifying it , either commercially or noncommercially .
the knight 's cross of the iron cross -lrb- german language : ritterkreuz des eisernen kreuzes , often just ritterkreuz -rrb- was a level of the iron cross .
but this license is not limited to software manuals ; it can be used for any textual work , regardless of subject matter or whether it is published as a printed book .
if the required texts for either cover are too voluminous to fit legibly , you should put the first ones listed -lrb- as many as fit reasonably -rrb- on the actual cover , and continue the rest onto adjacent pages .
a `` secondary section '' is a named appendix or a front-matter section of the document that deals exclusively with the relationship of the publishers or authors of the document to the document 's overall subject -lrb- or to related matters -rrb- and contains nothing that could fall directly within that overall subject .
bernhard `` barney '' dreyfuss -lrb- february 23 1865 â `` february 5 1932 -rrb- was a german-jewish-american executive in major league baseball who owned the pittsburgh pirates franchise from 1900 to 1932 .
the relationship could be a matter of historical connection with the subject or with related matters , or of legal , commercial , philosophical , ethical or political position regarding them .
branko hucika -lrb- born 10 july 1977 -rrb- is a former croatian football player .
amfissa is a greek city .
marcus allbã ck -lrb- born 5 july 1973 -rrb- is a swedish football player .
in recent times , due to the politial upheaval in fiji , large numbers of fiji indians have migrated to australia , new zealand , united states and canada , taking the fiji hindi language with them .
cthulhu -lrb- pronounced kuh-thoo-loo or kuh-loo-oo -rrb- is a fictional monster created by the horror writer h. p. lovecraft .
cthulhu is a god-like being from another planet , and it -lrb- cthulhu is neither male nor female -rrb- is supposedly very ancient .
cthulhu -lrb- pronounced kuh-thoo-loo or kuh-loo-oo -rrb- is a fictional monster created by the horror writer h. p. lovecraft . cthulhu is a god-like being from another planet , and it -lrb- cthulhu is neither male nor female -rrb- is supposedly very ancient .
in one of lovecraft 's tales , the call of cthulhu , he said that cthulhu currently lies in a dreamlike state in the sunken city of r ` lyeh -lrb- rill-ee-yeh -rrb- , waiting for the time when the old ones shall rise again .
in one of lovecraft 's tales , the call of cthulhu , he said that cthulhu currently lies in a dreamlike state in the sunken city of r ` lyeh -lrb- rill-ee-yeh -rrb- , waiting for the time when the old ones shall rise again . r ` lyeh is located in the pacific ocean -lrb- though it is not a real city -rrb- .
dreyfuss was inducted into the baseball hall of fame in 2008 following his election by the veterans committee .
the album was released in december 2005 , and consisted of thirteen songs from their traces of sadness and blue tattoo albums .
best of is a best-of album by the estonian girl band vanilla ninja .
in former times people had no toilet paper and used other things .
in the 15th century , the term nap refers to a pile given to the cloth .
carpets , rugs , velvet , velor , and velveteen , are made by weaving a a second yarn through woven cloth , making a nap or pile .
the word pile means the raised fibers that are there on purpose . they were put there , instead of vy producing the cloth .
west of middle street , h-1 called the queen liliê '' uokalani freeway ; this name is shown on some roadmaps .
east of middle street in honolulu -lrb- exit 19a -rrb- , h-1 is called the lunalilo freeway and is sometimes signed as such at older signs in the center of honolulu .
gillingham football club is an english football club . they are based in the town of gillingham , kent .
they are currently in the football league one . they play home games at priestfield stadium .
in other cases , the output blocks or stops some of the input ; this is called a negative feedback loop .
airport travel sometimes is delayed , or slowed down , by low visibility .
an advisory is put out by meteorologists to warn of low visibility , such as a dense fog advisory from the u.s. national weather service .
when it is this low , roads may be closed , or lights and signs are turned on to warn drivers .
keisuke endo -lrb- born 20 march 1989 -rrb- is a japanese football player . he plays for mito hollyhock .
antimony trioxide , also known as antimony -lrb- iii -rrb- oxide , is a chemical compound .
it reacts with oxidizing agents to make antimony pentoxide and with reducing agents to make antimony or stibine .
if the sound coming out of the loudspeaker is heard by the microphone , a loop is created , from speaker , to the microphone , through the cord , and back into the speaker .
antimony trioxide is made when antimony is made . stibnite is heated with air to make antimony trioxide .
winning the oil endgame is a 2005 book by amory b. lovins , published by the rocky mountain institute .
his work has been recognized by the alternative nobel , onassis , nissan , shingo and mitchell prizes , a macarthur fellowship , the happold medal , eight honorary doctorates , and the heinz , lindbergh , world technology , and hero of the planet awards .
the authors suggest that oil dependence is a problem we need no longer have .
u.s. oil dependence can be profitably eliminated by proven and attractive technologies .
it talks about four ways to reduce oil -lrb- petroleum -rrb- dependence in the united states :
hurricane rita was a powerful hurricane in the 2005 atlantic hurricane season that hit the united states ' gulf coast .
the term fatimite is sometimes used to refer to the citizens of this caliphate as well .
-lrb- with the only other exception : the caliphate of ali himself . -rrb-
in the 1040s , the zirids -lrb- governors of north africa under the fatimids -rrb- declared their independence from the fatimids and their conversion to sunni islam , which led to the devastating banå `` hilal invasions .
they are also part of the chain of holders of the office of caliph , as recognized by most muslims , the only period in which the shia imamate and the caliphate were united to any degree .
the ruling elite of the state belonged to the ismaili branch of shi ` ism .
this is an example of a negative feedback loop : the output -lrb- the relfection -rrb- reduces the input ; it makes the input smaller .
after the decay of the fatimid political system in the 1160s , the zengid ruler nå `` r ad-d ä `` n had his general , shirkuh , seize egypt from the vizier shawar in 1169 .
the fatimids were famous for religious tolerance towards non-ismaili sects of islam as well as towards jews , maltese christians and coptic christians , but there were some exceptions nevertheless .
the leaders of the dynasty were also shia ismaili imams . they had a religious significance to ismaili muslims .
lithium nitride is a chemical compound . its chemical formula is li3n .
grand theft auto iv -lrb- gta iv -rrb- is the 11th grand theft auto game in the series . the game was made by rockstar north , and was published and released by rockstar games for the xbox 360 , playstation 3 and pc .
it is the only alkali metal nitride that is stable .
it can also be made by reacting nitrogen with lithium dissolved in sodium .
one hundred and fifty-one of these locomotives were built at derby , crewe and darlington , the first twenty of them as part of the 1955 british rail modernisation plan .
this class was used as the basis for the development of the class 25 locomotives .
a dowry -lrb- also known as trousseau or tocher -rrb- is the money , goods , or estate that a woman brings to her new husband .
the party led the 1917 october revolution that overthrew the russian provisional government .
masaaki furukawa -lrb- born 28 august 1968 -rrb- is a former japanese football player .
hideo hashimoto -lrb- born 21 may 1979 -rrb- is a japanese football player .
